hey there everybody Welcome to a chilled
out relaxed W show so smooth we've got a
great show lined up for you guys today
we're going to be talking about Apple's
iPhone 16 glow Time Event the
PlayStation 5 Pro announcement Luke we
also have some good news in this week in
Ai and we're going to be talking about
how the US government is pushing for
greater VPN access they're pushing for
greater VPN access I think it's a good
thing it's smooth MH Goes Down Easy just
like this intro to our
intro uh
[Music]
yeah the show is brought to you today by
manscaped The Ridge and acronis along
with our chair partner secret lab and
our laptop partner LG why don't we jump
right into our first topic which is of
course that I was wrong this week yeah
twice yeah now I assume that you have
watched literally nothing nope I assume
you know I mean I don't think there are
any two Tech products that you could
care less about than the iPhone and the
PlayStation yep yeah so why don't I
catch you up on exactly what happened
and then we'll go from
uh
wow it's been 3 minutes and we've
already thrown something at our producer
I'm sorry I was
talking why don't we what do you want to
start with should I should I catch you
up on the iPhone or should I Let's do
let's do the iPhone okay so Apple
announced the iPhone 16 lineup so you
got the 16 the 16 plus the 16 Pro and
the 16 Pro max if I recall correctly
honestly I'm not obsessed with Apple's
lineup and figuring out exactly what it
is I'll look at it when I need to and
I'll refresh myself but other than that
it honestly isn't something that I pay
that close attention to
but this time around and this made
people pretty angry I was approaching
the iPhone announcement event from a bit
of a different perspective
so I feel like and and what happened was
our video ended up having a pretty
positive overall spin on it when largely
the reaction from the tech press and and
sort of influencer army out there was
pretty negative but I'd like to explain
why so first of all let's talk about
what makes the Iphone 16 lineup new uh
they're getting the new
a18 processor family so we have a
regular a18 in the iPhone 16 and then an
A8 Pro in the iPhone 16 Pro um as far as
we can tell from Apple's comparative
benchmarks like they didn't compare both
of these new processors to one single
predecessor they compared them to
different things oh and if you do the
math from previous Apple
presentations they seem like they're
probably pretty close so it it looks
like they're very it looks like they're
very similar in terms of the at least
CPU performance GPU performance and
neural processor performance but all of
this is going to become more clear as
time goes on
um the there's uh there's upgraded glass
so their ceramic Shield is is now
significantly stronger um I actually
don't have a I don't have a summary of
the specs in my notes which I normally
have when I run through something like
this so we'll have to kind of figure
that out but uh the things that really
stood out to me were actually not
necessarily the hardware oh there's a
new there's a new button there's like a
programmable button yeah which is kind
of cool action button which which I kind
of like was that ever a thing in the
past um on the iPhone I I read some
comments of people talking about like oh
they took the button away so that they
could give it back to us now and I was
like what I mean they had the home
button okay but that wasn't they a
button actually but was on the 15 was on
the 15 Pro but now it's on the regular
16 so so that's just okay so so there
were there were a few things that people
were pretty pretty the camera and the
camera button is new across the board
okay so we have a dedicated shutter
button but no no iPhone in the past has
ever had a shutter button okay so there
were a couple of things that people were
pretty upset about and one of them was
that in the video I said that I was
probably going to go because I've been
talking about switching to an iPhone for
a little bit for a while now and I think
I'm just I'm overdue um and there's a
lot of things about iOS 18 that are
looking very compelling to me and
there's some there's some Android um
there's some Android Army members who
are telling me that these aren't new
features to Apple or that they're copied
from Android or that uh they don't make
that much of a difference or whatever uh
but the reality of it is that to me like
the phone operating system that I use
doesn't really matter and I don't really
care who's copying from each other
realistically Google and apple cop copy
liberally from at this point and and it
doesn't matter to me where it originated
from what matters to me is that I need a
new device right now and the iPhone 16
lineup actually looks pretty compelling
um I think that's kind of the root of
where your thoughts on this stuff came
from was that you need a new device and
you're on an old one um and I I think
you and I even talked about this I don't
remember but I a lot of people that are
unhappy with the event it's because they
have a current generation device and
they're looking at the upgrade and going
this doesn't really seem like a lot but
we're at I mean it's called iPhone
16 the jumps per generation is going to
slow down phones have been boring for a
long time now and the the way I'm kind
of looking at it is you can be
disappointed quite genuinely every
single
generation or you can start shifting
your goalposts a little bit and look
like one or two generations back for
your improvement jumps and I think it's
going to be more than one or two I think
realistically what this comes down to is
that the the days of us getting
something major to upgrade to every
single
generation not only are they dead but
they've been dead for a long time I
completely agree I've been over it for a
few years now at the very least um and
so I um I I guess that was and the
amount of speculation that we were paid
by Apple to have kind of a positive spin
guys anytime you someone who accuses us
of being paid by Apple to be positive
about Apple products you can immediately
just dismiss invited to the event no of
course not
yeah apple still the extent of Apple's
media relationship with me up until now
is that they emailed me once aren't they
kind of cool with Mac address oh I don't
know if they are uh no one has kept me
up to date on it okay I know I'm not
sure maybe but as far as as far as I am
concerned and as far as the LT channel
is concerned Apple has never so much has
never gone past scheduling a conference
call with me they never actually went
through with the call it did get
scheduled but it was cancelled minutes
before we actually went through with
engaging for the first time Apple has
has no interest
um in working together with me so so so
people were mad about a number of things
they were mad because we they felt we
were overly positive about the event um
and I think that a big part of that
comes down to that difference in
perspective where most of the rest of
the tech media where if they're running
a 15 Pro now or a 15 Pro Max are looking
at this going uh boring yeah you know
where's the Innovation apple and I think
they just have to get used to the idea
that that's going to happen over a much
longer cycle whereas I'm looking at it
going man my airpods Pro 2os just got
way better like ages after I bought them
which I'm pretty stoked on I didn't even
know that was a thing that sounds great
it's a kind of behavior that what
feature are you gaining um for me
personally not much they're optimizing
the noise cancellation they're adding
some like and this is retroactive to
what you have now yeah it looks like
it's like uh some kind of machine
learning assisted uh quickly switching
in between transparency mode for
conversations and everything back that
looked really cool yep um it's something
that absolutely exists in other products
but my assumption is that based on how
well Apple has handled active noise C
canellation it will actually be
implemented pretty well and I might
actually use it um they're also adding
like hearing aid like functionality to
to airpods um I've been using them as
casual hearing protection for a long
time but they are more formally talking
about using them that way with the
improved active noise cancellation if
you cancel out a wave the wave is
cancelled no I was I was think you you
mentioned hearing aid and then noise
protection both and I I thought you were
saying those were the same for a second
not the same you're talking about
different stuff okay um so I just I
thought that was pretty cool I actually
opened the video on like a software
update essentially and I think a lot of
people were kind of surprised to see
that the other thing that people kind of
went after me for was that I told them
my intention was to go with the iPhone
16 uh plus the nonpr and and a lot of
the feedback that I got on that was l
you know if you're going to go into the
Apple ecosystem for the first time in a
long time you should be having the full
experience but the reality of it is guys
like I can pick any iPhone I want like
we we're ordering all of them through
work I just literally grab off the shelf
whichever one I am I I want to use but
the reason that I went with the iPhone
16 or iPhone 16 plus I haven't actually
100% decided which one I want I'm going
to hold them first is that I don't think
people should be buying the pro
don't get me wrong I don't know what the
difference is there's features on the
pro that I would like to have the
regular iPhone 16 still doesn't have a
high refresh rate display oo yeah 60 HZ
which for like
$800 hey pretty
embarrassing um but most of the other
stuff that's and but then
again neither does the device that I am
upgrading from I I it feels nice I have
a higher fresh rate screen now I can
feel it it does but I guess what I've
discovered is for my phone I don't know
if
I I don't game on my
phone it does make touch feel more
responsive I can absolutely instantly
tell if I'm using a high refresh rate
device and things like uh higher pulling
rates on the touch
input it definitely makes a difference
but I think I have just become not that
much of a power user and a lot of the
other features on the pro I just don't
need them the studio quality microphone
4K 120fps recording I don't need that
stuff it's got another I think it's got
another camera I know man the iPhone's
ability to film and log makes video on
iPhone extremely interesting sure but
I'm not using it professionally this is
just my phone do I need to shoot 4K 120
on it like I can they added I could see
it they added Pro res recording to the
non-pro so if I just want to record in
Pro res and I don't need 12 frames per
second is there ever like you you never
want to shoot like a little slow-mo
thing of of your son uh playing binton
or something like that I don't know true
do I need it at 4K oh it's four okay so
you could still 4K yeah oh yeah I can
still do high I can still do high frame
rate I just sheesh yeah it's it's just
it's a lot um people are saying okay
yeah the uh the liar the lar is great
you know what that is great I I don't
take that many pictures and the handful
of features that need the depth sensing
I can I I know enough people that I can
borrow a phone from like there's been I
think it's come up twice uh once when I
had to do a facial scan for that VR
headset the big screen
Beyond and once when I was um a bit part
when I had a bit part in an undisclosed
film that I don't know if it's ever even
going to get made at this point I
haven't heard back about it in a while
um whatever anyway I wonder if part of
it sorry I used it to scan the room that
I was in because that was useful for
them for VFX like overlays I wonder if
part of this is people that can you
pre-order yet I I think we've placed our
orders did they set up pre-orders I
actually don't know that's a minor
detail I procurement will take care of
that yeah yeah yeah way to go it's nice
um uh what was I going to say uh I I
wonder if some of this is people that
bought the
pro that are yes you can you can
pre-order it I wonder if this is people
that bought the pro that um you know
want The Tech Guy to make the same
decision they did I do think there's a
lot of
that and the and I can see why they
would want to because it's
$1,500 Canadian Canadian this is
Canadian so it starts at I believe 12200
us um and it is funny it is funny to me
seeing how many people are legitimately
angry at me like I've betrayed Max is
1750 because I'm because I'm using an
iPhone
um the pro Max is what my car
cost not my current one yeah I was going
to say surely that's not right no my my
first car sorry you're getting older
your first car was a minute ago you
might have to have some inflationary
adjustments which we'll be talking about
a little bit later um it's still a lot
of money yeah I mean we're and so I was
realistically I was looking at the
iPhone 16 going okay is this really do I
need a titanium
phone or is aluminum probably okay are
you going to end up that one's not in a
case are you going to put it in a case
anyways no I'm not going to put it in a
case okay but like it's aluminum and
dude their glass is
like very shatter resistant so I'm I'm
really not that worried about it I used
to be no case I was no case in my
previous phone this phone's so huge that
I decided to get a case for it anyways
because I was like I feel like it's just
going to get knocked off of things more
often cuz it's enormous and I'm happy I
have one look at
this there's a massive bite out of that
corner oh wow yeah you really hit that
one yeah she uh that case is doing work
and it it is actually it's it's been
dropped a couple times but something
that's kind of nice about it is that I
just don't care because I don't even
like the phone nice but I don't want to
replace it so there's a case on it but I
don't care for it if makes sense so it's
just like a whatever yep which is a nice
uh it's nice to just not worry about it
another difference for the for the pro
is that the bezels are slightly smaller
so in about the same form factor they're
the screens are 0 2 inches bigger I did
but then if I cared that much about that
why would I get an iPhone with like a
you know giant forehead notch in it in
the first place like I I I don't know
guys I mean feel free feel free to like
come at me and let me know but I think
that people should probably just be
getting the regular 16 if they if they
want an iPhone if they want the
ecosystem and it's funny to me how we
get so stuck in our Tech bubble and we
get so stuck in our sort of um in our
priorities that sometimes we forget that
most people don't care most people
cannot tell a 60 HZ display from a high
refresh rate display are also only
looking to upgrade their phones when
their battery life starts to annoy them
too much which is usually every like 3
years or or more like my battery life
didn't really start getting bad on this
until about the last year or so and I
believe this is up to I believe this is
six years old probably depends on their
usage like if they game a lot so they're
doing some really brutal battery Cycles
um then it's going to be sooner if they
don't later etc
etc um nokki asks you often say you
prefer a phone where you can take photos
and videos of kids important moments
would the iPhone 16's shutter button be
a good addition for you um I never need
to be that quick on the draw like as
long as I've got a gesture that I can
activate in a reasonable amount of time
and the onscreen button is there in a
reasonable amount of time like I am I'm
so well adjusted now to the ergonomics
of holding my phone so that my thumb is
here for the shutter button I
just the value of a of a dedicated
Hardware button for that for me is
extremely low extremely low there's
still things that I'm super not
impressed about I mean the fact that
Apple's base storage is still 128 gigs I
was just going to talk about that
because on devices that cost like a
flipping ton of money the fact that
storage upgrades cost
so $300 to go from 512 gigs to 1 tab is
we did the math Luke crazy Apple
literally charges so much that their
nand flash chips could be made of
gold literally we got no I'm serious we
we we grabbed some pieces of the golden
controller and we compared them to like
like like nand chips and like we like we
did the math and like how much gold it
was to weigh as much as like Apple's
nand chips and like wait for wait apple
apple storage and memory cost as much as
gold was this for a video yeah I was
going to say why would you need the
pieces from the gold we it was I believe
it was from the just weigh the other one
and then look up gold value I believe it
was uh I believe well yeah but we had
the gold so we could do it pH that's why
I said is it for a cuz if it's for a
video then it's a cool visual thing
anyways yeah so it was it it was it was
freaking hilarious right though because
it's it's crazy it's like when you
compare printer ink to you know yeah uh
Chanel Number whatever you know like
like these obscenely valuable liquids
funny enough I watched that
video oh the like printer video yeah I
watched that you're one of the very few
who did it was I didn't watch yeah the
how' you like it I was actually it was
pretty good
yeah I didn't know about the whole tank
thing and stuff and there was one really
mad comment that was saying everyone
knows you should just get an older laser
printer I had a bunch of up votes I get
these questions all the time and it's
like um like genuinely um no no no no no
no no they were like everyone knows like
like our Our advice was bad they didn't
get to the part of the video where we
talked about that oh oh very cool
I can't I can't help people I can't help
them um any any who
so I'm I'm kind of excited to try it
even though I'm definitely going to have
some issues
um I don't think that having USB 2
speeds is going to bother me that much
dayto day I very rarely offload I
noticed Plex why USB 2 speeds on the 16
nonpr it's USB 2 even though it's USBC
like look there's absolutely stuff that
is going to make me mad but how often do
when's the last time you offloaded
photos from your phone via
USB uh yeah that's fair when's the last
time you connected your phone to a
computer via USB oh decently often okay
to transfer files though no okay so who
cares
yeah who cares I do think it's
interesting do they have any color
overlap oh black and white okay okay
Crystal asks will you miss your S Pen
the answer is absolutely yeah I have
become I've gone from why are they
taking up space in my in my note with
this stupid pen
to whenever I want it I really want it
predominantly for marking up screenshots
why don't you get a new note is it just
Apple time yeah I could it's just time
Apple time yeah it's just time
um so so basically I think that's what
it boils down to and you know what the
last part I think is is I mean we've
talked about this on the W show so you
guys will kind of be familiar with this
already but I'm so tired of negativity
yeah it's like why do we have to compare
it to last year's iPhone 15 and say it's
not enough what do you mean it's not
enough if it's not enough then keep your
iPhone 15 yeah that's totally fine
that's go for it maybe even good that's
good you're just yeah who cares if if
anything I would actually now that our
our mobile processors especially apples
are fast enough to do pretty much
whatever we could need to do on our
phone reasonably speaking I would
actually love to see less frequent
upgrades and longer software support or
you know whatever that looks like
because you got to remember apple is
driven somewhat differently from other
phone manufacturers
they are a lot less motivated by the
initial sale of the iPhone to be clear
oh they're happy to grab it though
they're happy to take your money yeah
but they are far more motivated by the
size of the iOS ecosystem and the number
of people that are buying stupid men um
he' on picked up word
Scapes um like the mobile like yeah like
word crossword spelling d jumble thing
um and I've been playing with her
sometimes dude
dude the lengths that they go we're both
getting into playing Boomer games with
our partners what is happening I play
the New York Time games with with or
whatever is yeah those things and you
play word Scapes yeah how the Mighty
Fall nice I know right we we used to be
true Gamers I used to play Left 4 Dead
too with my posture like this
boys oh boy keep
going I heard that yeah so so so we've
been playing wordscapes lately dude the
length that they go to to extract money
from you oh I'm sure Apple gets a piece
of every one of those transactions at
the end of the day the most important
thing to you is that you're on an
iPhone not necessarily that you were on
the latest iPhone but that you were on
an iPhone because the bigger the install
base is the more of that sweet sweet App
Store money they're extracting from you
and the more incentivized app developers
are to continue to prioritize the iOS
platform form
so I forget where I was going with this
what was my last reason I forget it
doesn't matter let's talk about the
PlayStation 5 Pro announcement this was
a little more recent so I'm going to
remember all the details a little bit
better but in a nutshell Sony upgraded
the GPU I was a little surprised oh we
also get Wi-Fi 7 uh higher based
storage um I'm trying to think if
there's if there's anything else that
was really upgraded going from the PS5
to the PS5 Pro and I don't think so
there there were some things I was a
little surprised by uh I didn't expect
the CPU to stay Zen 2 yeah already when
the PS5 came out I remember it I
remember feeling like oh yeah it makes
sense that it's Zen 2 because the
development cycle for this is so long
that it would have had to be but boy
would it ever have been nice if they you
know if the dev kits were all Zen 2 and
was like Zen 3 for the real product you
know um so I I was a little surprised to
see Zen 2 stick around but it also kind
of makes sense um wait hold on what's
going on here okay hold on we'll get to
the PS5 Pro in a second uh shraf to in
flo plane chat says lonus this is such a
disconnected take when a product cost
$1,200 and there's no improvement to
justify it that's when we should be
negative this is a consumer protection
issue no
no a consumer a consumer protection
issue would be if Apple tells you it's
something that it isn't yeah a consumer
protection issue would be if Apple
deactivates your iPhone 15 Pro and
forces you to buy an iPhone 16 Pro you
are not compelled to buy this this is
not food it's not shelter it's not water
it's a iPhone but if you have a a 15 or
especially like a 15
Pro you don't need a new phone yeah
which is not a bad thing like like the
that that's the biggest take from the
event from me is that you don't need it
and I'm I am certain honestly it might
have even already happened because I
just don't care that much because I'm
not going to upgrade my phone yeah uh
but whatever new pixel announcement I'm
not upgrading to it so like I don't even
really care what it is what I'm looking
for is going to end up being like the
pixel 10 or 11 yeah when that launches
I'm going to be evaluating that versus
whatever iPhone is launching at the same
time in comparison to the phone that I
currently have and deciding am I going
to get a battery replacement or am I
going to buy one of these phones and
then I'm interested in it so basically
back to back to my point of us being
more focused on like the the positive
aspects remember too guys this isn't a
review this is a summary of a product
announcement so obviously I'm going to
talk about the highlights why do I want
to drag myself down why do I want to
drag everything down by dwelling on the
negative and at the end of the day if
it's not a big enough upgrade over last
gen well that's fine because Apple's not
targeting last gen they're not selling
it to last gen the question is not the
question is not is $1,200 compelling
enough for someone who already owns an
iPhone 15 Pro that's a stupid question
because it's not $1,200 it's $1,200
minus whatever you could sell your 15
Pro for that's the actual value and that
I don't know that's up to you I have no
idea what they're worth in the secondary
Market that you you can go figure that
out the question is is $1,200 worth it
for someone who needs a
phone and so I think that's the
difference and it looks like just on the
surface to me like it looks like yeah
probably that's the difference in
perspective that I want to start
approaching things with is as someone
who is the actual target market for for
this product okay so let's go back to
the PS5 Pro so the main things are it's
got a better GPU similar architecture
which again surprised me because we got
to remember this this product launched
four four years ago I think it works out
to right PS PS5 came out in 2020 PS5
release
the uh PS5 no not not the slim or was it
2022 yeah November November 2020 was
when the PS5 launched so four years
later I was kind of expecting you know I
don't know Zen 3 at the very least um I
was expecting an architectural change to
the GPU but then as I was sort of
working through the script with David I
was like no it actually makes sense
because from Sony's perspective the most
important thing because this is a
midcycle refresh that realistically they
aren't going to sell a ton of yeah
especially if you compare this to base
ps5s or or PS4s right these Pro Models
are for their more affluent customers
they're for their more the more
Discerning console gamer right you know
sips te like this right who who can who
can definitely see the difference in the
pixels or you know realistically who can
see the higher higher refresh higher
frame rates um so making sure that
developers have continuity between the
regular model and between the pro model
is way more important than squeezing a
little bit more performance out of it um
Wi-Fi 7 I think is actually a pretty
important upgrade that is maybe not
being talked about enough especially by
us um like we turned that video around
extremely quickly and so there were a
couple things that I think weren't
necessarily wrong but are things that I
would probably want to do differently to
go back I would talk about Wi-Fi 7 and
especially in the PlayStation ecosystem
where you might have a PS
portal and your PlayStation 5 Pro is not
connected via Ethernet having Wi-Fi 7
and a Wi-Fi 7 router even if your PS
portal doesn't support Wi-Fi 7 which it
doesn't because it's a PS portal um it
would be better to have a stronger
connection between the PS5 Pro and your
router it's it's still it's still better
the the better every Link in the chain
can be the better off you're going to be
so Wi-Fi 7 is something I would have
talked about more I also would have more
explicitly talked about the lack of a
disc drive uh that was something that we
just we kind of glossed over in at the
very beginning we had a bit where you
know by the time you buy a stand and I
think David and I had talked about how
the visual should also have the disc
drive and it should just like add up the
whole price and compare it to a thing
cuz we we said something along the lines
of like by the time you buy a disc drive
this thing costs darn near twice as much
as a base model PlayStation or costs
about twice or I forget exactly how we
worded it and I probably would have
expanded on that more later uh because I
think that people were pretty upset when
they felt like we were justifying the
price when we talked about how it wasn't
Sony's most expensive console ever that
Crown actually corrected for inflation
goes to the
PS3 uh which came out at 599 but that
was back in man when the PS3 come out
like
2002 oh boy I'm going to get this wrong
2006 okay so that came out way back in
2006 I said I'd touch on
inflation quite a few people were really
upset that we made a with inflation
comparison to the PS3
and I'd like to explain why we did that
and the reason they were upset was
because and and I get this people are
sick of seeing a price Justified today
because of
inflation well it's reasonable for it to
be $700 because if you compare that to
$500 for the PS3 inflation arily they're
very similar in fact that that was more
dollars back then but that wasn't what
we were saying we weren't trying to
justify the price in fact the very open
scaled with inflation I'll get to yes
I'll get to that we weren't trying to
justify the price though what we were
saying was there's a precedent for this
that's what we were saying this isn't
their most expensive console is that
like one of the communication things
that you would have wanted to change I
would have wanted to clarify that um and
I can see why people are upset about it
because yeah their wages haven't
flipping scaled with inflation the
buying power of that much money is not
the same even if it's the same
inflationary wise
exactly however something that I feel
like a lot of people Overlook in stuff
like this is that the costing of a
product from a company from a consumer
electronics company like Sony is
contingent on their costs for their
sourcing do you think Sony makes power
supplies does Sony have a power supply
manufacturing plant do you think it's
that I I think it's more there's no
competition really in the space we talk
about that but I I just want to I just
want to talk about the importance why
this inflation number matters Sony buys
power supplies from light on and those
power supplies cost more now than they
used to yeah because commodity prices
have gone up in inflation yeah um do you
think Sony manufactures
microprocessors no no do you think Sony
has their own Iron
mins where they get iron to make steel
if we were talking about Samsung maybe
who knows they do everything that's true
but we're not but Sony no uh Sony
manufactured dram noes Sony is their
designer but they don't actually
manufactur just about any of the of the
raw of the raw materials of a
PlayStation 5 like certainly they're
doing board assembly and just like M hop
pointed out in phe chat fab time is huge
right now fab time is crazy right now
ran Maan says I saw a chart yesterday
that showed how much tsmc is essentially
gouging companies due to manufacturing
capacity and it's rough and that was why
the second thing I said was
microprocessors yeah Sony doesn't make
microprocessors we are we are in an
environment right now where there is an
effective Monopoly on cuttingedge node
microprocessors um as much as it's been
kind of hilarious for people who ate
hate Intel many of whom are Justified to
watch them struggle with the roll out of
their Fab business
we should be rooting for them because
Samsung has proven time and time again
that they're just not going to catch
tsmc here's a hot take then again so has
Intel I'm surprised they're as cheap as
they are with how few people can make
them cough cough one
place I think we're lucky that they're
not making it way worse and maybe
they're not making it way worse because
they know other companies would then
have more opport opportunity to spring
into the space and they would rather
there's less people competing so they're
happy to take their really significant
significant cut that they are but they
have an effective Monopoly on Cutting
Edge chips and the fact that they're not
like just astronomically more expensive
is I think were yeah I remember seeing a
quote from I think it was tsmc's
chairman or something like that
basically making the observation that
Nvidia is sure charging a lot for these
AI
processors yeah yeah I don't remember
that quote but I know what you're
talking about yeah like huh we could
take more of that because who else is
going to make it nobody no one no one
like they they could they could
effectively charge you know there's
limits to this but practically anything
for certain product lines that like you
know a government is not going to just
not buy it yep so like I I don't know I
think yeah I think the fact that you can
buy go out and buy a very respectable
super solid CPU for your computer for
like 100 bucks is and it's from a
monopoly that you're also going through
middlemen for is wild like yeah I don't
know yeah so I think um they're cheap
because they're a lost leader you buy
the console uh and Sony gets the
licenses when you sell the games they
have no competition right now yeah but
you don't decide that that too that's
not up to you yeah and when there is no
competition there's no real reason for
them to do that yep and who's who's
competing with the PlayStation 5 Pro
right now Microsoft
yeah no yeah not even a little bit my my
understanding is the rumor is that
Microsoft has actually canned their mid
generation refresh I don't know if that
will end up being true or if that's even
or if that's even the recent Rumor Mill
um but Sony is effectively competing
against absolutely nobody and what
they're selling is an experience that
only has a value to those few who value
it and back to our conversation about
the about the iPhone because I think
that in both cases a lot of the
criticism of our coverage came down to
the same
thing
guys Sony is not selling PlayStation 5
owners a $700
upgrade Sony is selling people who want
to buy a console a $700
console and if you want a disc version
yeah you're going to have to pay another
80 bucks for an add-on for an add-on
disc drive dude the writing's been on
the wall for game discs forever
I I think this is you think the last
generation with
thises
man I hope not yeah I hope not me
too no I think we're going to get one
more I think PlayStation 6 has a disc
drive but I think that it is I think
that it is it moves to this add-on model
that we have now and I think they
deemphasize it extremely heavily and
then I don't think PlayStation 7 has one
um okay sorry what was I saying right so
they're so right so so they're selling a
$700 PlayStation to someone who wants a
PlayStation 5 but like a bit
better and if you were have a
PlayStation 5 and you were going to
upgrade to it you wouldn't be paying
$700 you would be selling your
PlayStation 5 and you'd be paying
whatever the difference is so you'd
probably get a few hundred bucks for
your PS5 and you'd pay $400 or whatever
which if we're being realistic four
years into this product's life
[Music]
cycle it's not a ridiculous amount of
money I wouldn't pay it no I have
personally never bought a
PlayStation that's not true you never
bought a current gen PlayStation no I've
never bought a PlayStation I was given a
PlayStation 2 a you were given that yeah
I own it darn it but I didn't buy it all
right fair enough cuz I knew you had one
yeah I got a PS2 all right
Fair thought I got you no it was a gift
um um okay so question I'm jumping off
topic from PlayStation
do you have anything else to say about
PlayStation no just uh just we're
evaluating it from the perspective of
someone who's interested in buying it
and I think that's something that our
viewers are just going to have to get
used to we are not evaluating it from
the perspective of someone who hates
consoles and thinks they're stupid yeah
um and we're and we're going to be
realistic like it was I don't know I it
was it's tough seeing people say yeah
it's easy for a you know it's easy for
someone like you to come down and
millionaire explain to us why cost so
much but you're just out of touch it's
like well okay but if someone else said
it would it be would it be more true the
information doesn't change or less true
because what it really boils down to is
that there's about 200 250 bucks worth
of GPU and SSD upgrade in this thing
stop millionaire explaining to me and it
costs about 200 250 bucks more kind of
depending on how you want to do the math
yeah it's like and they're going to make
money off it cuz they have no
competition so
that's what companies do and it's like
uh and and we're not I'm not I'm not
being an apologist I'm not saying I'm
not saying it's good I'm just saying it
is
um
sorry yeah um the the whole iPhone thing
a comment that I saw a few times after
we moved off the topic was that uh we
were ignoring negatives in the video
that you did for the iPhone thing yeah
did you mention anything about how like
you know it's cool whatever but it might
not make sense for you to upgrade if
you're on
15 I just thought that was obvious okay
I did not I did not mention that it
might not make sense to upgrade from the
15 that wasn't my perspective um and I
think this comes back to a point that
you've kind of been hammering on for a
while we don't need everyone to have
that perspective oh yeah for sure if you
want that perspective you should be
watching a video from someone who has an
iPhone 15 Pro I don't if you are
seriously considering this thing I would
watch I I would value personally like
actually completely detaching myself as
much as possible um I would value seeing
your video because it's a different take
and then I would watch a range of other
videos that also have other takes and
then I would find where my opinion is on
it somewhere in the middle or whatever
um maybe I align perfectly with someone
who knows but like you you you figure
out where it is but I I don't personally
even want a reality where every single
piece of content on a product is exactly
the same because if that happens there
will only be one reviewer left yeah and
and there's eventually people will stop
watching all the other ones there's no
value to it wants that this is a funny
thing um I often get asked by
up-and-comers or people who want to
start a tech Channel you know like do
you have any advice on on like you know
my style like what can I do to make my
videos more like you and I'm like you
don't yeah make your own you should have
your own ideas you should have your own
perspectives however much the audience
is going to yell at you for not exactly
copying what everyone else does in the
long term it's better they'll value it
and and the proof is in the pudding my
perspectives my takes have changed over
the years and that's not flip-flopping
that's being open to new information and
new ideas and New Perspectives
theoretically if you follow the
scientific method your your stances on
things should change with new
information you should be trying to have
the most accurate one you can and I I
did mention some negative things like I
mentioned that uh you can get cheap
Android phones that have high refresh
rate displays when I talked about the 60
HZ display on the nonpr I mentioned that
I would miss side loing and that I would
probably still need to have an Android
device handy like I did acknowledge
issues it's not like I'm just trying to
yeah it's it's not like I'm just trying
to like be an apple apologist all of a
sudden I'm never going to get an invite
to one of their events that's never
going to happen and like honestly it
really just doesn't matter anymore I
don't know if you want
go it would be so much more work to make
the same video that I would make in my
basement yeah cuz you're just watching
the keynote anyways yeah so like so like
why am I there yeah I don't know like I
can I can get hands on with it but let's
be real it's an iPhone
like
that's all right okay I think we've
we've bashed the the things that you
were wrong about um yeah moving on
should we do this one I'm still
wondering what this one
is oh oh sure yeah we could do a couple
merch messages I mean that was kind of
like two topics right yeah I think that
was two
topics if you guys want to interact with
the show you know send a little message
to producer Dan so he can put it at the
bottom of the screen or send you a
little response or forward it internally
the way to do it is a merch message we
don't want you wasting your money just
throwing it at the screen if you if you
want to throw money at the screen you
should get high quality merchandise in
the mail for your efforts and we've got
a deal for you this week we are heating
things up with a special promo for w
show we're bringing back Luke you got to
get your thing oh they don't fit
oh they didn't have my size did they
bring the wrong size yeah but I have
other colors to show you all right cool
uh we're bringing back some pieces for a
limited time now that it's almost fall
these are the color block hoodies that
we released a couple of years back
themed around our various channels so
I'm wearing the short circuit one here's
LT here's the tech quickie one uh we
thought it'd be fun to throw these back
up on the site for just
$39.99 but the catch is that they're
only available as a mystery so you never
know which one you're going to get and
we're going to heat things up even
more coming back at the same time when
sweatpants and if you buy a mystery
color block hoodie you'll get these for
10 bucks heads up nuts heads up this is
kind of for our big boys out there okay
we have very limited stock of the
smaller sizes we're stocked a little bit
deeper on the bigger sizes uh but the
discount will apply automatically when
you have both a mystery color block
hoodie and a pair of w sweatpants in
your cart so if you're looking to send a
merch message while being able to get
some stuff that's on sale that won't be
available for much longer now is your
chance um also on the store the off-site
laptop bag is available again um to be
clear guys it is not going to fit an
Ohio class submarine in it it is a
laptop bag it is not a uh man what are
they called the like messenger bags yeah
it's not a messenger bag this is a
laptop bag
um so sorry for any miscommunication
around that uh lm. g/l taptop bag it's
up there and I guess that's all we have
to say about merch messages so all you
got to do is add something to your cart
you'll see a little box for a merch
message that'll go to producer Dan let's
show you how it works Dan hit me with a
merch message sure thing hey Lar nuke
and dual and PVS 14 night vision
monocular sure sure I know that thing
yeah cool if given the choice and that
it was unpro would you choose to cover
older military Tech if not if so under
what
circumstances um older military Tech
yeah I don't see why we wouldn't cover a
military Tech thing the issue for me is
that we don't really get into Tech
History that much yeah um and we
definitely don't I think have the street
cred in the military space to speak
intelligently about that kind of thing
like I would be doing all the same
research that anyone else would do you
know browsing forums and Wikipedia and
uh you know downloading schematics off
of War Thunder
or that are not supposed to be there or
whatever leaking military Secrets yeah
given the the reference in the in the
naming uh covering like night vision
goggles I don't think is a thing that
makes a ton of sense for us I think it
would have to be like how do they uh how
do they make sure that like I don't know
these electronical components are able
to survive in like uh Warfare zones I
could see that being like a good Tech
quickie yeah kind of interesting what
makes an electronic device battle ready
you know or something like that but how
does how does it help resist EMP pulses
stuff like that yeah I don't see I don't
see really though why we would get into
like a specific piece like that really
seems more like a like a gun Channel
could I I okay I could see us being
brought in as a collaborator on
something like that like if they if they
wanted to discuss um if they you know
pull a board out of something and they
were like okay uh and then to talk about
you know what makes this board special
compared to consumer electronics of the
time uh we sent it to LT to or sure or
the opposite considering they had that
like was it PlayStation 3's I think was
that that server Farm made over
PlayStations like like little things
like that yeah could make sense but I
think um there isn't as much crossover
as you might think but there's there's
some next up ter thing hi lldd you've
teased a smaller backpack before is that
still in the works or was it replaced by
the oh no laptop does it just cut off
there by the okay by the um it is
definitely still in the works our latest
sample of it is very good uh Luke you
saw it last week yeah yeah I really
liked the side pockets I won't say too
much about it yeah I don't know how much
we're talking about but those are sweet
did I even show you the little hidden
Pockets that are in them I don't think
so I don't know if those are going to
make it into the final but we're going
to we're going to push for it um depends
on depends on costing a little bit but
yeah no the the smaller backpack is
coming uh we're working on naming for it
I think we're going to have to do one
more sample but hopefully that'll be
like a pre-production sample rather than
a sample sample and if we can sign off
on that one it can go to production uh
we're we're very very excited about it
right now it fits like a 15.6 in gaming
laptop pretty comfortably we think we
can make a tweak that would allow it to
fit most 16in devices even at that size
um it's the one that I was wearing in my
AMD um
ryzen uh ryzen 9000 coverage from
computex if I recall correctly so it
looks a little bit different computex
Linus uh 2024 it looks a bit different
now and the internal layout thankfully
is way better it was my notes after that
trip were not good and I wasn't 100%
sure if we were going to if we were
going to even be able to move forward
with the product because the design of
it was so dependent
on
um it being basically unusable as far as
I could tell but Matthew I think is the
one who did the work on tweaking the
design while also dramatically improving
the usability of it uh yeah here's the
here's the video where I think it made
its first appearance uh this is a this
is apparently uh this is apparently a
hack if you just go back and forward ads
disappear and the more you do that the
more it trains YouTube to just not
bother serving you ads really yeah it
doesn't seem to account for that you go
right back onto the video it just
accounts for that you bounce off the
video the second you see an ad here's
the question yeah if ad block is piracy
yes is ADD aversion
piracy like avoiding ad
oh like like out avoidance like going
back and forward to make it not send it
resume viewing resume viewing that kind
of thing H yeah yeah creepy I think as
long as you are cuz you're not breaking
terms of
service it's not against the terms of
service to close your eyes is it
officially against the terms of service
to use ad block yeah
okay whereas navigating away from a page
is absolutely not against the the terms
of service no but if you automated it so
if you had a browser extension that
every time you clicked a YouTube video
like micro loaded the page and unloaded
it and then loaded it again I think that
would qualify as a as a as an ad serving
counter measure cuz it's it's the
automation of it like but not manually
running it that whole that whole
argument where ad block is basically the
same as closing your eyes is stupid
because it's not yeah closing your eyes
is the same as closing your eyes and you
know they'll compare it to like TV
commercials or whatever else right um no
because you you you would you would just
close your eyes that that would be the
same thing um but when you when you
automate something um then to me that
becomes
a um is it also the distribution of it
of said
thing h
so you're talking like if you made your
own script or something like that or you
made your own tool I want to address
this really quick syrax in FL chat said
I just hate
malvertising I strongly agree I hate
malvertising too um that's we're not
telling you don't run this we're also
not telling you don't use ad block yeah
literally never happened never said that
yeah
it's I yeah I I don't I don't feel like
I don't feel like rehashing that one to
today sure um I have never said don't
use ad
block I'm trying to think like maybe
there was some wow in the garage in 2013
where somebody's going to like got him
it's like I don't know
whatever okay I have
never that I recall said don't use ad
block um I've been very consistent for a
lot of years that uh I don't know Val
heri in floing chat said lonus literally
called me up last night and told me not
to use Adblock so what are you saying I
told you not to tell people that that
was a that was a conversation between
just the two of us he called me
too so is that is that why you're so
tired this week you're just calling all
of the audience members I actually have
to confess something you broke into the
float plane database I have to confess
something I bought an auto dialer it
wasn't even
me it was it was a recording oh so it
they couldn't even tell it wasn't me
because those guys are idiots it's not
oh it's not even AI of your voice no no
just it's literally an oldfashioned auto
dialer they got
Bamboozled wow yep
wow Get
Wrecked um anyways yeah it's not a thing
dude we're just
uh and like we've go we we' both got
some Linux isos okay so like relax yep
or don't relax it actually doesn't
really matter to
me stay tense uh
I'm probably going to do one more if
you're okay with that sure sure let's
see hey lld did Plex ever fix your
issues got my first Nas set up a bit ago
transcoded downloads are crucial for me
so decided to try MB haven't had any
real issues might be worth a
look I am probably going to try jelly
finner MB at some point um overall I've
been I've been pretty
with Plex
um that issue recently was a permissions
thing in trass where I was having
trouble with that show you wanted to
watch so that wasn't a Plex issue that
series of Linux isos yeah series of
Linux isos sure whatever um the point is
just that I haven't I haven't actually
tried to do a lot of local uh local
downloads lately so I haven't I haven't
realistically played with it that much
but Plex has been pretty well behaved
for me lately and I actually saw some
pretty promising news I think it was
either this morning or yesterday Plex
announced that they're going to split
out the photo backup functionality that
they used to have in the main Plex app
into a separate app and I remember
talking to them about that because the
photo backup function was really cool
and really easy to use and really
convenient and I really liked it and
then they just deprecated it and I was
like well that's sort of uncool because
I thought that that was part of the
function of this product so now it's a
separate app and I wonder if that's
going to help them overcome some of the
the challenges that they've had because
from what I gleaned the issues that they
had continuing to support that feature
basically came down to like Library
access and like constant changes when it
came
to um accessing the library and then
backing it up especially as a background
task so if that can be a dedicated app
rather than part of the video watching
app maybe that'll help them do a better
job of it so I want to check that out
but I know absolutely nothing about it
yet and I'm going to have to I'll give
it a chance I mean I I have a lifetime
subscription so if I so you go away from
it you can always just come back yeah
and the but the cost of Plex is not a
factor for me yeah for for a lot of
people the cost of Plex is a major
factor so they want something free and
open source but I I don't care because I
already own it so the cost of both of
them is the same for me personally uh it
might change what I would recommend to
someone else I might say hey give these
free options a try before you spring for
the paid one but for me it doesn't
matter so so I'm going to give it a shot
and then the other big thing that I'm
waiting for is um that that Nas software
that I invested in from from ashte you
doing the research on this before the
nas software comes out though because
I'm assuming you're going to have some
video on the nas software kind of does
make sense um yeah but my whole thing
with the nas software is I want to have
to do as little work in research as
possible oh no I mean like if you're if
you're making a video like hey do this
stuff to set up your Nas or whatever I
don't know having an informed opinion on
the Plex jelly fin
whatever debate would be good no I
probably won't oh okay because a lot of
my opinion is going to come down to ease
of setup and so my my goal my big
ulterior motive stay out of it as with
this whole with this whole investment
into ashtech was that whatever I want to
install on a Nas that I think is good I
will have a back Channel way of saying
hey can you guys support this and make
sure that everything just works so that
I don't have to think about it and then
by proxy everyone else will be able to
install let's say Plex or image or
whatever super easily and won't have to
think about like the stupid permissions
issues that like I switched which VM I
was using to download isos and it uh it
made it made it so there was like it
turned in like read only for certain for
certain like containers or um because it
using like kubernetes I was on the older
version of trz scale it just just like
such a such a mess and I'm sitting here
going I don't want any of this I just I
just want to have my files and like I
can read and write them and stuff yeah
it's the whole
thing all
right are we are we done now are we
moving on
I don't know who knows you want to you
want to pick a topic Luke um I'm this
one which one scroll up let just be a
man and say it cuz cuz I don't know
what's going on with it B A man do the
right thing I fix it sure yeah iix
what's happening there um honestly
inform me honestly I don't know so why
don't we do this together oh oh boy so
earlier this week yesterday uh iFixit
announced their smart soldering iron uh
this thing's kind of wild by the way
it's um this is cool 100 watt heater
ready to solder in 5 seconds it can run
offthe wall for like an entire workday I
think they advertise it has a literal
web interface huh that you access
through like Chrome you know like
through a browser like like an actual
you know like a web interface I yeah so
that you can configure it and um yeah I
don't know pretty cool I've definitely
seen some discussion around the price uh
by the time you buy the soldering iron
and the dock and you know whatever else
people are saying it's like hundreds of
dollars
which when you compare to some of the
more value oriented options um is not
that competitive yeah but there are also
soldering irons that are wicked
expensive there are but I think that for
the people who are into like hackos
you're going to pry them from their cold
dead hands yeah I'm um showing our
producer cam for no reason oh I'm a JBC
boy oh really okay there you go
Rolls-Royce baby actually my the one I
have at home is like a $40 clone and
it's like okay but it doesn't have a
battery you pack you can't like mve it
around oh yeah that's right Dan's Dan's
the one he's the one who made us spend a
fortune on those stupid soldering
stations isn't he nice dude I sitting
there they're a partner this is not an
endorsement but I was sitting there
trying to learn on my soldering iron oh
yeah I remember this this actually
happened I was trying to get Dan to like
teach me how to solder and I was you
know coming along but I was struggling a
little bit and then he gave me the nice
soldering iron and I instantly did it
like and then because you're you're
learning the techniques you're not
necessarily cuz you're for me to use a
really broken soldering iron is
difficult but I know it's wrong and for
somebody learning but you don't need
like a a $1,500 station to learn how to
solder with yeah so it's like it'sin
it's for sure a skill issue but still
the nice soldering iron just made it so
much easier and something that has like
temperature control like this and it can
get hot really quickly and it's not
super unwieldy it's the nice thing about
the jbc's is they are like this size for
their their ends and stuff like that but
they're Ultra professional levels yeah
all right so um whoops where am I going
last laptop there we go uh so back to
this thing so I've seen some some
commentary on the pricing some people
are not super thrilled with it um some
people are are more thrilled with it
anyway uh Vitor responds and says now I
want an LT soldering iron and Kyle wans
um CEO of iix it says he does seem to be
good at copying our products there's
been a fair amount of speculation as to
what exactly he means by this is it
gentle ribbing is it uh genuine upset
and more than one person has pointed out
that on the very day that he posted this
one of our videos went live with an
iFixit sponsorship in it um so what I
will say is I also don't know so what
I'm going to do is I'm going to
reiterate everything that I've said
about the iFixit relationship and we'll
go from there sure so if it's gentle
ribbing gentle ribbing received um if
it's not gentle ribbing well I don't
know we're good on our side
um we're chill we believe in the iFix
admission we have absolutely no
intention of becoming iix it uh we're
not going to we're not going to even
begin to approach the kind of uh
replacement parts that they stock the
guides that they create through their
Community um the even the type of
content that they produce they do such a
great job of their tear Downs um that
we've looked at doing that type of
content before and we've just kind of
gone yeah I don't know you know maybe
someday but realistically this seems
like it's pretty well served you know
evaluating the repairability of devices
and stuff like that um we absolutely
value iix it as a partner we
specifically went out of our way to make
our driver available as a standalone
driver for people who just want a driver
upgrade and they're going to put it into
their iFixit kit and use it with their
iFixit bits we went out of our way to
make sure that our driver was compatible
with iFixit bits so there's a whole
thing uh we talked about it in the short
circuit live stream when we announced
our Precision driver where the iso
standard is actually uh not what
everyone including iix it does and I
forget the exact detail but basically it
comes down to manufacturing tolerances
so you're supposed to have um this
socket which is actually a if I recall
correctly a metric translation of what
is actually an imperial size so that's
supposed to be the size and then the
bits are supposed to be smaller but what
everybody else does is they make the
size bigger and the bits smaller or
whatever basically you're supposed to
make this big enough that at the upper
range of the tolerances for the bit size
they'll fit for sure and what we did was
we made this at the lower range and then
our bits were smaller I forget hold on
let me think about what it is so what
happened was our initial drivers this
was too small that's right so everyone
else makes the bits the size and then
they make their um their driver bigger
slightly oversized and what you're
supposed to do is you're supposed to
make the socket the size you know 4 MIM
or whatever it is and then the bits are
supposed to be smaller so in our first
samples we had bits and sockets that fit
perfectly but when we went to put
someone else's bits in our sockets we
realized they were the ones that were at
the high end of the tolerance range were
too big so we had to go back and we had
to make ours like everyone else anyway
doesn't matter the point is that we went
out of our way to make sure that the
driver was compatible to reduce waste so
if people already have a set they can
upgrade to the fidget spinner SL
Precision driver without wasting all of
the bits in case that they already have
um but we also wanted to offer an option
with the ideas that we had to improve
the product that would include bits and
uh and a case so you know I don't know
if he's if he's serious about it
um I don't I don't really know what to
make of that I'm we're still down to
work together uh I disagree I guess I I
will say that I disagree that it's a
copied product iix it didn't invent
Precision screwdrivers iix it didn't
invent um bit cases um and you know from
my point of view either it's a copy at a
higher price in which case he shouldn't
be worried about it right or it's a
product that innovated with things like
this magnetically detachable nicely cool
stackable case uh deeper bits that make
their way into you know recessed
housings more
easily um an all metal driver that has
bit storage they do have one with bit
storage but it's not all metal uh higher
quality bearing replaceable tops
stronger magnet um no I think it's I
think it's about as different as a
product can be and still be a Precision
screwdriver um oh we added we added
magnets to the inside yeah that's nice
it's a parts tray effectively yeah and
to be clear the iix one can also be used
as a parts tray but it won't be magnetic
yeah so there you go uh so yeah I don't
know is he mad who knows are we working
on a soldering iron not at this time but
if we thought there was room to innovate
and make a better soldering iron I'm not
going to rule out anything uh we
definitely have other products in our
road map that are tools and therefore
will probably overlap with anyone who
sells tools but part of our product
development philosophy is that we don't
just make the same thing that's already
out there if we aren't adding something
then um I don't see why we'd bother and
in some cases what we're adding can be
as simple as uh making it more
affordable like most things I have to do
around my house basically just require
SC screwdriver so I have LTT
screwdrivers for everything uh I had to
use a hammer last night wasn't an LTT
Hammer disappointed we actually we
actually do have a potential product
spec for a hammer I have some
ideas okay that was entirely a joke but
all right no I I it's true I mean what I
said is not untrue I used a hammer last
night and I I I literally pulled it out
and was like huh
it's like
blue it's not orange and black I have
ideas all right um and you know what
sometimes it can be as simple as coming
in at a lower price like I think that
anti-static work mats
are overpriced essentially so our modmat
uh which we actually created in
collaboration with modri who has been
doing mod mats for oh Lord only knows
how long they um didn't they it yeah
yeah like way back in the day so they're
they're they're pretty OG uh so we
actually partnered with them and ours is
going to be coming soon it's going to be
very price competitive compared to
what's out there and that's still like
profitable so so yeah if we see if we
see an area where we can improve the
state of the market then yeah we'll go
for it uh but if we don't then we're not
just we're not just looking to come in
and copy someone else's product and I I
reject I reject the assertion that this
is a copied product and if it is a
copied product they should have no
problem recopying it and then there's is
better and that's how competi that's how
competition works then everybody's
product is better I mean we didn't
patent anything here even if we could
have which I really you know I don't
think we could have but even if we could
have that we're not that's not really
how we roll I do think at some point
we'll probably have to patent
something
um but that's not a bridge that we've
really had to cross yet
I think if we ever did like a like a
new you know what it's probably better
for me to just not even say there are a
couple things that we have in
development that could potentially
benefit from being patent
but patent tax right off yeah sure let
me get right on
that all right yeah okay so anyway
hopefully we're still cool we love you I
fix it and um
if you guys are mad
um
sorry speaking of Madness the US
government pushes for w the dock just
keeps floating around uh the US
government pushes for greater VPN access
last week the White House met with
Amazon Google Microsoft and cloudflare
as well as civil society Advocates to
encourage tech companies to offer more
digital bandwidth for government funded
internet censorship evasion
tools which uh is an insane sentence to
me uh tools supported by the open
technology fund or the OTF which is
funded by the US government have surged
in popularity in countries like Russia
Iran Myanmar uh oh and Myanmar sorry I
missed the and according to OTF
president Laura Cunningham the number of
VPN users they support has more than
quadrupled over the last few years to
around 46 million users each month the
OTF wants discount or subsidized server
bandwidth to help meet that growing
demand what is which to me sounds like
the government is basically being like
yeah we don't really care if you like
pirate movies and music and stuff we
want all your
data that's that's my that's what I get
from this personally tools supported by
the OTF which is funded by the US
government have searched in popularity
in countries like they want you know
resistant groups and whatnot that are in
uh maybe not super friendly to us
countries to be able to do their thing
but do they want encryption for their
own
citizens this would allow them to see
all the things to encourage tech
companies to offer more digital
bandwidth for government funded internet
censorship evasion tools is that such a
wild sentence
huh but the but
um interesting
yeah I don't know a ton about the
OTF I don't know how far the fingers of
the US government are in the OTF but if
you run the VPN
yourself you can do a whole heck of a
lot but are they saying they're running
the VPN I don't I don't know or are they
saying they want Tech companies to offer
more bandwidth wait for but for
government funded censorship evasion
tools for those not for all of them for
those it's very interesting to me uh
it's it it sounds like a a two-pronged
attack this is the vibe that I'm getting
so the the one prong is hey we get to
help groups that are in Russia Iran
Myanmar and other places uh-huh yeah
yeah yeah which which is valid which is
probably something that they want to
communicate and organize a multitude of
reasons yeah for sure for sure and then
the other one is like oh know and if if
other people use it we get to have a
really good look into what they're up to
well yeah um wow 46 million users a
month
wild OTF
vpns yeah like what what is an O what is
an OTF VPN like what
oh no this is good
stuff like do they do openvpn did I see
an openvpn logo there I recognize that
logo immediately yeah so wait no this is
like good then so these are tools that
you can use to build VPN like this is
not necessarily very interesting I don't
know though I'm not aware of like a sick
back door and openvpn
um I don't know what this means though
or if this is just a list of things like
I don't know if this means
um do they make are they responsible for
openvpn guys I don't know help me out
here genuinely no
idea like I don't want to I don't want
to get into like a wire guard versus
openvpn debate like but wire guard may
be it's on here though it's on this list
that's why that's why I'm saying like
I'm not sure what this list necessarily
means like do they
just of yeah maybe they're part of the
funding for openvpn wire guard and tour
I see this okay but I don't necessarily
know if this means this is from the open
Tech fund or if this means this is the
funding that it's received you know what
I
mean they've got to have received more
funding than that overall oh wait maybe
that is overall I don't because it says
free and open source software
sustainability fund your mom's VPN why
do we even why do we even talk to any
read the last
paragraph through the F sustainability
fund openvpn will focus on growing its
core contribut okay this isn't the is is
that a different thing I don't
know is the F sustainability fund a fund
within the open technology
fund I don't know I don't know where
this Rabbit Hole goes but it's it's
definitely so there may be downsides but
fundamentally it's probably good better
VPS access seems probably good
good okay I'm going to say I'm going to
say it's a W for now yeah and hopefully
I don't end up eating those words yeah
uh we don't have very good information
on this so I don't think we can really
say much unfortunately but we'll move on
what I would like to talk about is
NVIDIA purses yeah what
uh AI researcher Teresa Barton is
selling a limited run of 10 purses
crafted out of Nvidia GeForce gt730
graphics cards for uh
$124 or $1,024 her website also
indicates that she will at some point be
selling a handmade bag made out of a
handbag uh yes a handbag made out of a
h100 AI chip for $65,500
that's neat that's cool yeah I don't
know is there like a little battery bank
somewhere to power the fan I see the fan
has its the fan is on the outside and it
has its own plug yeah there's got to be
there got to be something there there
got to be a battery in there or
something I think one of my questions is
how much stuff can you actually store in
this purse like is it purely aesthetic I
do think that they look surprisingly
neat yeah I read this title and was like
oh it's going to look like junk and then
I saw the actual thing and I was like
oh it's not too bad what is um what is
the what is the justification for the
price here because she literally says
they made of ew um I don't I think
purses in general I just there's price
is whatever how do these items end up so
divorced from their costs um like is
this like about here here is there like
I honestly think if you try to figure
this out you're just going to hurt your
brain is there an objective like is is
she is this contributing to oh I think
1024 is just computer number no no no no
no no no that's not what I meant by that
I no oh my I just got assaulted by LT
ads oh they just went away I get it all
of the verticals of ads on this website
which there are many they were all LT
ads for a split second and then they
went away oh sorry I just I was I was
kind of expecting it to say like oh yeah
um Pro proceeds are going to some kind
of research into AI something but no
this appears to be just like I don't
know maybe she's just a bespoke designer
that made only 10 of a thing and if
you're going to do that you're going to
charge a bunch I don't know yeah I guess
so
okay uh sure well hey you know what I
wish you
luck I bet you at least one person
bought it you think so I feel like it
you think so I think so I don't know
dude I um I think that seems pretty
unlikely I think even most people who
spend a lot of money on
purses probably expect to be able to
carry something in
them I do not agree with that statement
at
all
wow I don't really I don't really
understand what I'm looking at here so
you're basically telling me this
purchase is ineligible for this why is
it even here
then um I guess shop probably doesn't
deal with a lot of things that are over
30 grand so they never really thought
about that
scenario this just seems like like is
she just is this a social experiment is
she's just trying to grab headlines like
this this can't this can't seriously be
the best the the best sales pitch is
this is this like $60,000 one yeah yeah
I don't think she thinks anyone's going
to buy it personally but like you you
know enough rare one-of-a-kind gp4
training GPU know there's lots of them
um and if you know enough to know about
GPT then you'd think you could just use
chat GPT to like write a better
description for it that's literally all
it says on this entire page this
particular page I think is more about
the bringing eyeballs in like she's I
think she's meming dude oh at least to a
certain degree yeah fits a phone nice
yeah long or short chain of avilable I
bet at least one has sold I think she's
meing that doesn't look good the other
pictures looked pretty good that the
pictures are just stupid because this
picture is not a gt730 this is the H uh
the h100 one so what is it doing on this
product page that's like what is this
doing here this is not any of those
things this is this is ancient this is
like uh yeah gf100 this is fery this is
a this is a
480 so like what am I even I don't think
she expects to sell any I think she's
meing should I buy one I still no but I
bet you she sold one because of what you
just did don't actually do it I'm I I
want to know if it's a real site am I
actually going to get a purse in the
mail do you want my credit card no I
don't
want the only way I'm going to get an
h100 at some random time in the show you
should throw that thing back at me what
what I'm sorry I was talking no it's
fine just the thing I threw at you you
want your water bottle back what he
didn't throw water bottle at you Dan
it's on your side of the
table with this that's my water bottle
yeah I could oh I drank from it I
couldn't find yours oh okay well do you
have any diseases I'm sure we've done
worse pre-show baby subscribe to Flo
plane and subscribe to our sponsor
manscaped blonde and gold are in this
year oh he's actually doing it but if
you don't like blonde trim it our
sponsor manscaped is riding the gold
train with their lawnmower 5.0 forged
Gold Edition not only does it shine in
style but it also offers an exceptional
trimming experience ensuring you feel
golden every day it features an advanced
dual head system and skin safe blades
and it's waterproof if you ever find
yourself lost in the brush it even comes
with a built-in led to illuminate the
trickiest spots
okay the lawnmower 5.0 Ultra Gold
Edition is available in limited
quantities so head over to manscaped.com
when and use code wow to get 20% off and
free shipping that actually looks pretty
slick yeah not bad the team does such a
great job of the footage for these like
a lot of it looks like it you know was
provided by the brand except that I
recognize like backdrops and stuff we
have this footage no this is our footage
oh my god look someone bumped the table
there like this is not good job this is
ours oh I yeah I know that that set yeah
that's the the screen thing yeah this is
all our footage killing it no that's
it's over in the corner where wo set
used to be at the very far wall the yeah
there's a there's a piece of glass and
then they have a display behind it yeah
like no the team the team's great bring
it back there yeah this is uh this is
where edil was experimenting with some
of the ue5 like real time tracking stuff
yeah yeah cool anyway the show's also
brought You by Ridge look at us they're
also bringing gold to you this summer
with their he that's us too massive
sweep Stakes yep that's did you see it
was dentist driving uh yeah yeah there
he is yeah it should be um now you could
do now you can drag race like Dennis
he's the passenger seat gold cyber
truck what am I looking at and if being
the center of everyone's attention isn't
your style don't worry okay that
happened I know they were telling us
before the show shro got pulled over
right that's actually shro right there
yeah yep they um okay sorry we're really
we're really losing track of the sponsor
talking points here anyway is so good
Ridge massive sweep Stakes they have
other prizes to choose from and yes that
is real footage of Dennis and cherro on
the highway in Salt Lake City anyway the
winner of The Sweep Stakes gets to
choose between a Hennessy Velociraptor a
goldplated cyber truck or 100
$100,000 cash uh this says what would I
pick ooh oh it cut back to me yeah
that's what it's supposed to be what
would I pick uh what would I what would
I
pick I guess I'll take the cash what
would I do with a
velociraptor I love that I love that the
the the follow-up sentence was what
would I do with a
velociraptor not the other one well I
mean yeah yeah that makes so much sense
I'm trying acknowledge something that's
a real option I mean I
don't what I would be seen in that you
could melt it into a controller like
dude I'd be out in the parking lot
scraping it off I don't know man I'd be
I'd be
legit I'd be legit ah look Ridge
hopefully this is compatible with the
sponsor spot we're doing for you right
now here I'll talk about your key holder
uh there you go there you go be
distracted um I would be there is they
they do have a cyber truck and a
Hennessy version of their things their
key holder and their wallet yeah I would
be embarrassed to be seen in a cyber
truck at all or the goldplated one is
the goldplated one less or more
embarrassing it's cooler it so it's less
embarrassing yeah it's cooler I think
it's I think it's so bad that it comes
all the way back around
to kind of cool this might be a weird
take I actually think the where it says
just Ridge on the side of the goldplated
one actually just looks good I rarely
like when you see like just the brand
logo on things but I just something to
break up just the like ca of it's all
the same right there y like I think it
actually looks sharp having something on
it yeah uh that thing looks so tacky
though I just can't so if if you had to
pick a vehicle you go with the Hennessy
Raptor and if you had to something you'd
go with the cash hold on a second hold
on hold on let me think
um are you looking up their value on the
resale Market
no you have to pay people to take them
away I'm just a little curious um price
of stainless steel per pound a dude see
I would have a really hard time going
back to filling up at the gas
station I am not into having a gas
vehicle anymore at all you go anywhere
in a cyber
truck will it turn
on get the truck and electrified it
would be fun project oh no but if I'm
going to have an electric
truck getting a getting a like over a
th000 horsepower Hennessy Velociraptor
and taking the engine out and
electrifying it would be kind of
hilarious that would be completely put
in my cappuccino
dude I'm sure the engine for the
Hennessy is bigger than your whole car
somebody put an LS in it with twin turbo
chargers they to like remove most of the
front end in the hood it's 800
horsepower oh my that's actually
terrifying um death speedrun yeah that
that would have that would have like the
the the the power to weight ratio of a
slot car like that would be ridiculous
it's like it's like nearly one to one
that's crazy actually I think the engine
weighs probably more than the car the
rest of the car yeah so it would affect
that
slightly Top Gear 1224 says what's more
embarrassing a gold cyber truck or a
purple tyan gold cyber truck yeah I
really think it is cyber truck the Cyber
truck is just brutal dude um anywh who
from now until September 16th you'll get
two entries for every dollar spent or
you can get four x entries when you
purchase the Cyber wallet or Hennessy
Specialty Products so we've got a couple
of their uh
oh we've got a key holder and a wallet
oh why am I even holding these up we've
got wonderful footage of them there you
go that's what they look like wow see
looks so nice so enter now at ridge.com
or using the link in the video
description I take the cash I'm just
going to take the cash take the cash uh
speaking of taking the cash even have to
answer our next sponsor is acronis is
your business paddling risky Waters the
risky what paddling the risky Waters of
the internet unprotected our sponsor
cronis is here to save you from scary
sharks they
wow my goodness um a cronis doesn't just
act like a shield but they also simplify
your it management instead of juggling
multiple vendors and spending thousands
aonis cyber protect brings security
backup and Disaster Recovery together in
one easy to use platform but they don't
just back up your files they also offer
built-in features like patch management
device control and more and with AI
powered protection you can get the most
secure backup to keep your data safe
plus with one click service recovery
anyone can quickly fix it issues without
relying on Central it you can manage
remote end points run vulnerability
assessments and handle patch management
all from a single platform hey wait that
that was a redundant talking point dang
it you guys anyway protect your business
from data loss and cyber threats with
acronis cyber Protect by heading over to
go. acris.com wow or the link in the
video
description okay we're supposed to do a
few merch messages Dan go ahead and hit
me sure hey lonus and the talent I'd be
curious to your thoughts on yeah that's
nice that's no I'm not responding to
this merge message no no no I don't like
it no that's that's good for you no okay
whatever Talent is a derogatory i' take
it that way it is not I don't think he
means it to be but right now no Talent
is not derogatory it's uh it it removes
moves the person from the statement
where you're just like an object
who hold on a second I what really I've
always thought it's I think they meant
it as a derogatory but it's it's like no
that's that means that you're the real
person and and we're just like
accessories to make your show
what oh man see cuz I've called you guys
the talent before because from my
perspective like I'm producing the show
and you're just kind of like part of
what makes the show right so you remove
the like human aspect that you're human
the no no I'm not I'm not a person
either like the show becomes the entity
right oh uh and you are just kind of a
part of the show like set dressing right
I it's a whole thing most of chat uh
does not appear to be aligned with that
Dan no no no it's definitely supposed to
be no I don't understand I don't I don't
because I thought cuz hold on cuz a lot
of people have said hey Dan in the
talent before but this is the first time
that like lonus has been no no they're
calling me untalented it's definitely a
sick burn but like but a lot of the
other merch messages that use Dan and
the talent in them right yeah because
because the the onc screen players are
the tent referred to as the talent yeah
like that's just I think that's just an
industry term I don't think it's meant
to be
derogatory like if you say and yeah but
that's derogatory to you cuz you're like
the if you if you say and
director then like I don't think that's
disrespectful I think that just
describes their role in the production
am am I am I off base here I don't know
I think we're all a bit off base I
didn't realize that this would be so
polarizing so
immediately all right I've never loved
the turn personally but I honestly my
amount of cares
is quite low yeah cuz I've never L the
turn oh all right well for what it's
worth Luke host makes more sense I think
talented cuz is well not everyone's a
host though here's a question about the
word talent cuz I just looked it up and
I'm still not I I've taken it and maybe
I'm just taking it wrong I've taken it
as like you have an innate skill it's
not something that you
honed but you were just naturally good
at something dude you're applying video
game
logic I get to be that sounds very
likely do I get to be right on wo for
are you guys actually siding with me for
a change yeah I think I think lonus is
right too yeah yeah sure it's it's all
it's it's a bit of a thing yeah Talent
is used for anyone on screen not just
the host yeah yeah yeah yeah they're
calling me talented but they're just
meing on me but originally the reason
why I didn't originally like it is
because it seems derogatory to everybody
else oh that was my original reason like
referring to the person who is like the
star the only people that are any good
as the people with Talent
yes oh I see that's like when I
originally didn't like the word that was
yeah but I don't think like a director
implies that they're not a talented one
I think it's just yeah no Talent is just
yeah but the directors tend to be the
ones with the money so that's
producer yeah no director the director
not also if you're good sure but if
you're a good talent then you also have
money and if you're a
good actually as far as I can tell most
everybody else ends up not making a ton
of money but um yeah then you're an
extra you're not even Talent oh no no I
just I was well I was trying to come up
like I mean I guess if you're like see
but like yeah why is there a distinction
there no an extra still Talent are they
100% a lesser
Talent lesser although often extras are
given no lines so they have like no real
uh effect on like Luke's this up I'm
going out of here
uh background actor supporting artist
Junior oh my goodness have we custodian
alized the uh extras no it's right there
no no no no I mean that we don't call
them extras anymore oh oh now they're
Junior artists atmosphere that's
something that I didn't know about
atmosphere sounds so much worse to me
personally oh yeah that's awful waa
that's such a excuse me what's your job
could the atmosphere go stand next to
the Potted Plant like we got some bad
atmosphere gross oh man uh yeah yeah
this is not something I've thought about
a lot or cared about much to h i turn
into
gas I mean if you could do that you
might be one of the main characters in
the show actually I may be slowly
turning into gas I mean we've seen
plenty of evidence of
it those poor
chairs okay so when we frame it as lonus
in the talent what was the question I
don't know I want to finish this what
does that mean so lus in the talent
means that I'm untalented or no yeah
that's what they meant it was a sick
burn we've just established that Talent
is a a role in a production yeah you
guys are both talent because there boom
talent untalent talent untalent talent
untalent yeah but you still have a job
here well yeah but they were just meming
because they were pretending to
misunderstand the term Talent as having
talent and they were referring to me as
being untalented I think that's why I
don't like the word but
but think no cuz because in my mind
you're the one with the name so you get
to be a person and then we're just
accessories to your production no
because like I've okay like I've they
definitely intended it to imply you are
untalented but I've gone on third party
sets where I am like the main person
yeah and I get referred to as Talent or
like on the contract it'll just be like
blah blah blah blah blah here to four
referred to as Talent like it's it just
means a performer that's all it means
exactly right
I mean my favorite term is watering the
talent right I fill up your water
bottles I used to give the the bands on
stage their water do you want warm water
do you want cold water what would be
best for your throat right uh watering
the talent it's it's
fun I don't know from now on I want to
be referred to as
shortened I'm not tall so I actually see
the whole term as kind of
discriminatory okay atmosphere
uh all right so what are we talk what
was the you wouldn't let me get there
I'd be curious uh to your thoughts on
why teeken gaming cafes haven't taken
off in North America it seems like it'd
be a slam dunk with gaming becoming
super mainstream and popular now they
don't seem to be doing as far as
my terrible observations can account for
I don't think they're doing as well in
Asian countries either these days oh
really I mean bit take because Mobile
gaming is taking off that's why oh but
are you talking about like a themed Cafe
though or are you talking about like an
eye Cafe with like gaming computers in
it is that no I think they're talking
about themed cafes oh my like there was
that bar downtown that had like gaming
themed cocktails and stuff or whatever
was that what it was called Stow yeah
yeah but didn't they shut down uh during
I think they at least shut down one
location um looking it up yeah I guess
closed yeah I guess the question for me
is you know what is it man this is tough
cuz I have to confess that when we went
to Japan like went to the Pokemon cafe
for example I was super unimpressed by
the whole deal uh the food was not just
not very good like it was functionally
inedible a lot of it where at sorry in
Japan um it was s it was packed like
business was booming but uh it was just
kind of sucky and I I just kind of
wonder if the expectations for a themed
restaurant are totally different here
because I wouldn't see a business like
that succeeding very well here your food
still has to be good like I've never
been but my understanding qu in
Vancouver is actually insanely High my
understanding is even like Hooters has
decent food though I've never been there
um that's what i' that's what I've heard
don't quote me on that but I don't think
it's good enough to have a theme with a
themed restaurant with just like
disgusting food in it here um yeah
apparently the wings are great says chat
um yeah there you go so they used to do
know about
nowadays um the wings are good yeah so I
maybe that's part of it and I think that
one of the challenges is that in order
to have like a gaming themed Cafe it
either is like sort of generic in which
case I don't know if it would appeal to
people as much or you'd be paying
licensing fees because it's commercial
use of the IP um and I think that
affects the quality so like the Pokmon
Cafe seems to be actually run by the
Pokmon company and
so the kind of margin that these that
these licensed Brands expect um has a
direct impact on the quality of the
product in a lot of cases has been my
experience
um with that said I mean I think we've
talked about you know restaurant ideas
before or and like IV and I have talked
about lots and lots of business ideas
over the years like uh one idea that I
had a while back that I thought would be
super
cool keep going after um is I wanted to
create like um like toddler land and so
the idea was that it would be like an
attraction for adults where you have
this Warehouse that you decorate the
outside to look like a normal house but
everything is scaled up you walk through
a giant front door and you experience
this entire
environment like what it would be like
to be thigh high to an adult so there's
like giant stairs and you can like sit
and eat a meal at a giant table with
giant Cutlery and like I don't know it'
just be like a weird it'd be such a like
a you know an instagrammable yeah like
thing to do a big spoon on like
suspension crane wires that like flies
food towards you uh well not even that
not even no I hadn't gotten that far cuz
that would be a lot of work sweet though
mostly it was just going to be creating
a giant environment it was kind of
inspired by these up upside down houses
that you can go to yeah um but just like
have you ever been to dark table I have
yeah like I like those types of
experiences personally would the meals
also be giant portions yeah I mean sure
yeah I'd be down um like you you Source
produce that's like oversized and stuff
and like I don't know I I don't know
just just it's just like wacky ideas but
I've I've always had this kind of uh
brainworm idea that like if I don't want
to if I finally just want to chill I
would like go you know move further out
than where we are now to a smaller area
and then open just like a a very small
Corner Cafe Diner thing like Luke in
Gilmore Girls and just like do that
interesting be like I'm just going to
chill now and I would have to have
enough money that it wouldn't have to be
super profitable or maybe even
profitable at all because like those
types of businesses are often you'd want
to buy the property out right maybe find
one that's commercial zoned on the
bottom and it he does in Gilmore Girls
exactly are you a Gilmore Girls fan oh
yeah really yep I did not know that yep
huh y hold on okay let's play a game
um I mean I haven't watched it in a long
time but yeah well yeah it hasn't been
been airing for a long time like are you
are you like uh quing me no no no I'm
not going to quiz you I've only seen
bits and pieces I'm just trying to
figure out the game I want to play is I
want to try to guess what it is that you
like about it okay so I think you
probably like the smart Snappy dialogue
yes the on liners absolutely um very
much so that's a huge part of the draw
it's not the only
draw that's why I started there that's
why I started there um I think you like
probably the relatively realistic and
believable character
interactions it's very dramatic as a
show but it doesn't get into like I
cannot believe that any human would
behave this way territory I think for
the most
part it is very dramatic but there's
never usually like like I don't think
there's any like murders it's not like
oh my how oh my goodness it's like uh
stays pretty grounded yeah
what
else for me yeah I'm answering now um
yeah I found some of the characters
pretty relatable I found the mistakes
that the characters go through or like
the choices that I didn't agree with to
feel very human if that makes sense like
I might not have agreed with the choice
that this one person did but yeah I
could see them doing it or I could see
like one of my friends like doing this I
found Rory sufferable often yeah I just
like it like she's not my favorite
character sometimes there's characters
that I dislike enough as people that I
just kind of have a hard time watching
the show and I just found her extremely
difficult to be around in my opinion the
and someone in in chat said this but I'm
not actually just cop copying them it's
also my opinion the show is about Laura
liia and Luke right and I didn't like
Luke just because he shares my name
you're not that shallow no not quite cuz
I I I
definitely and his characters for any
character named lonus I get so few W's
Luke there isn't that many Lukes either
but the ones that I do have are pretty
cool you literally have an apostle I
don't want to hear about it that's I I
have that Skywalker's pretty sick yeah
Luke from Gilmore Girls is pretty based
yeah yeah yeah I don't want to hear
about it we've got it going on um yeah I
don't know it's just it's just a good
show I like I I
find some people might not even like
this um but I don't care I find a lot of
modern media is like like it's all about
the the Grays like you know the the evil
guys you should probably like like them
a lot and the good guys are like
actually really bad and we're going to
make sure that you come out of this
learning something and having moral
questions and like sometimes I just want
to watch something and be like cool yeah
the Na's lost and that's good good like
I just leave it alone I I I don't
anyways uh um and there's there's
another form of content that aligns with
that whole concept which is just where
it's like relatively casual and you
actually just want to relax and watch
something and I think Gilmore Girls
Falls in line with that there's another
like there's a Canadian show where it
follows a family that owns a uh it's
like a convenience store or something oh
Kim's Convenience Kim's Convenience I
like Kim's Convenience okay for I think
similar but not the same reasons why I
like gimler
girls I thought gimler girls was better
but I still thought Kim's Convenience
was pretty good yeah it wasn't something
like Kim's Convenience wasn't something
I was going to sit down and watch
dedicated sure but if it was on yeah
it's cool yeah sure and like Gilmore
Girls was somewhat similar I used to
watch Gilmore Girls cuz the computer at
my parents house was in the family room
where the TV was so like my mom would be
watching g girls or whatever and it was
good enough that I would like headphones
off
and like actually pay attention to it
while I'm doing other things Slice of
Life shows yeah they're chill Slice of
Life shows or you can go you can go on
the dramatic level and
have more intense topics but I often do
like it when it's like yeah the Nazis
lost and the Nazis are bad there there's
there's a time and place for the like
the morally gray learn things question
things content but it's just it's so
constant these days it's just like man
relax I don't I actually just want to
chill the world has enough of this
already um have you looked at politics
at all um I don't need more of that
personally my goodness all right I
forget what the question was but go
ahead Dan hit us with another merch
message uh yeah sure uh what even is
this show about how did we get was that
a merch message I think so yeah that was
a merch message for the last 15 minutes
hey w. with the PS5 Pro comes my
continued sorrow that storage is
soldered thoughts about the idea that
PS4 Hardware could outlive PS5 Hardware
since high failure components can be
replaced that's an interesting question
um and to be clear I want to acknowledge
that the the PlayStation 5 has has some
non soldered storage it does have a a
storage Bay that you can install an m.2
SSD in which in my opinion was such a
pro
consumer um like healthy move that I I
can't I can't say enough how unexpected
it was for me from Sony of all of all
players um but with that said what Eric
points out is that the boot SSD is very
much soldered and you cannot boot off of
that m.2
drive
um could PS4 Hardware outlive PS5
Hardware because you can just replace
the drive anytime time you want man I'd
love to think that you know Sony could
issue an update or something that would
allow you to move all of the all of the
boot partition like any any any
necessary OS files over to the m.2
drive I kind of don't think they would
but then I didn't think they would have
an m.2 slot in the first place so I
don't know maybe they would but remember
Sony Sony acknowledges I think that the
performance of the m.2 lot is not as
high as the soldered SSD but then I
don't think we've seen a game yet where
it's made a difference I I think really
my answer to all of this is that it
should be terrifying for anyone who's
into consoles um that it's basically
just PlayStation right now that is
horrible very bad does it matter
absolutely well hold on hold on let me
hold on let me finish does it matter if
every Sony exclusive is just going to
come to PC anyway I'll let you finish
but
well I did finish finish no I'm doing
the Kanye reference I I know the
reference but I'm already done talking
all right all right uh I think it does I
think it
matters for console people but like for
PC people I don't think it makes a
difference what's a console person even
going to be in a few years I mean
Microsoft has has publicly acknowledged
Steam OS now I think we're going to get
a Windows console OS for handheld at
which point we're going to get a Windows
console OS for desktop because it's
basically same we get that then I think
it's fine but I've heard no Whispers of
that and honestly PC on a TV right now
is not a great experience it's not a
console like experience it's not great
you can you can configure steam to
launch on Startup and launch a big
picture it's not you're 100% right like
there's there is I I don't care but I
understand the reasons why certain
people like consoles and it's they're
getting less
solid because consoles are getting more
annoying to use I think over time which
is weird and sucks but back in the day
the argument was like you know with my
N64 put thing in turn thing on I am
playing game y That's it Y which is
awesome it was so funny I saw one
comment that had a fair number of up
votes that was just like they're like
charging more for just like it's like
slightly better and it's more expensive
and I was just like
just like on PCS sorry man but welcome
to the party yeah exactly I apologize
that you're here
yeah yeah and um but yeah no they
they're so PC like you're right yeah
which which Unfortunately they seem to
be inheriting a lot of the negative
aspects of PCS and not inheriting as
many of the patches while PCS are
actually
gaining things from consoles are
retaining a lot of the negativity that
they've had like paying for access to
online multiplayer like that is
mind-blowing and you look the way that
Microsoft has just
brazenly changed the way that game pass
works so that it kind of sucks on Xbox
compared to on a PC yeah and effectively
have just said I don't know get good bu
a PC then if you want to get a good deal
on gam pad let
what yeah it's it's I think a a somewhat
uncomfortable time to be a console gamer
uh especially if you're an Xbox console
gamer but even if you're a PlayStation
console gamer it's just all all a little
uncomfortable right now and if you're
someone who's like a you know a TV gamer
maybe let's call it that yeah then yeah
it's just awkward because windows isn't
an amazing solution you can do it but
it's yeah it's not great as long as you
need a keyboard and a
mouse
um couch solutions for that are just
kind of awkward and really bulky
and I don't think there's any getting
away from that to be honest no but
there's so many games that you can play
on PC with a controller now like it's
kind of it does help a lot solved
essentially it helps a lot speaking of
which Speaking of games that you could
play with a
controller I have a I have a hot take
that the internet is not going to like
me for you played more of Final Fantasy
6 and it's not that good no I did play
more of it and it's very good nice I'm
still very happy with that game it's
going to take me a long time to beat it
but um on really is on I got I got
pushed with a very strong recommendation
to at least try a game uhoh so I did
what game and so far it's really
good what game Star Wars
Outlaws oh it's really good so far I
thought people said it was okay I
thought people said it was terrible oh
wait no I'm thinking of Jedi Survivor
yeah uh okay so sorry is that is that a
hot take Outlaws do people hate Outlaws
it's cuz it's from it's cuz it's from
Ubisoft which is I think why why people
don't like it after playing the game it
has one of the coolest I'm going to say
most Innovative and then someone's going
to be like oh they lifted it from this
any game I'm sorry I didn't know uh most
Innovative like lockpicking mechanics
the story seems really good so far the
characters seem cool um the the design
of the environments are fantastic like
the city that I'm in is awesome um
there's some things that like leave
things to be desired I think the the
speeder driving mechanics are not great
I think mad that you
and also drive at the same time kind of
weird um you can use a ability to do
like like a taked down or whatever it is
like an timate kind of yeah but it has
to like charge up that is definitely
like awkward yeah um but it also has
barely impacted my Gameplay at all so I
don't care I haven't played that much so
maybe it becomes more of a thing the
more you play I don't know um but so far
having played it
it's I think most people are saying it's
bad because Ubisoft is bad not because
the game is bad I think the game is
pretty good how many hours are you in
counting it in hours is already becoming
disingenuous um I'm not that far in I'm
through the the intro to the game area
and then I've spent probably like 20
minutes after that and then that's it so
I'm not that far into the game but like
the sound is great the story already has
me quite interested the lock picking
mechanic is so cool that there's a
there's a thing that constantly turns
yeah and then in a rhythm it like shows
the pattern that you have to do and then
as it comes back around making like
ticking noises you have to like almost
preemptively press along with the Rhythm
and then unlocks for you which is like
actually kind of fun and satisfying you
like feel like you did well when you did
it instead of a lot of other lock P
mechanics in games where it's just like
tedium right um I don't know I I just
can't with Star Wars anymore dude I just
I oh I'm just I'm just I'm completely
ignoring that it's Star Wars oh okay
that makes sense um I I haven't seen a
lightsaber in the game yet I don't think
it matters you're like Outer
Rim whatever space Outlaw person okay no
part of the game so far has been like
Star Wars has not been
important even slightly so far I don't
think we've ran into a single character
that's like a major character from the
mainline series um personally yet
there's no lightsabers no there's no
even reference to any of it so far there
are technically Stormtroopers I think
I've seen like four and they didn't
matter
yeah okay and the last one I think I've
got for you here hello lonus Duke and
Dan question for Luke I currently am
desperately searching for a job in a
market that seems almost dead for
developers what do you think of jobs
that ghost applicants we've done it by
accident uh um I am sincerely sorry for
anyone that we ever didn't get back to
um it was not our
intent sometimes I end up doing it and I
I don't also like he's saying intend to
but for some of the positions here we
just get a insane amount of applicants
and it's a little bit hard to keep track
um you can keep bumping to get a
response but in general uh you're
recognizing that it's a tough Market out
there don't just apply to one place yeah
and don't wait
um dude I had not one your but two
articles in my news feed like before
even refreshing that were like I've
applied to 900 jobs and like haven't
gotten an interview and I've applied to
400 jobs and haven't gotten an interview
it seems like
it's getting hungry out there what a big
part of the problem is uhoh uhoh uhoh
uhoh spicy take incoming no oh okay AI
written
applications oh AI written cover letters
AI written applications application
rates at jobs are going through the roof
not in line with
unemployment because the barrier to
apply to places is lower than ever
especially when they ask for cover
letters and stuff because people just
aren't writing them interesting and then
the average quality of people's writing
is going up because a lot of AI writing
is better than the average person's
writing uhhuh yeah
now tell me this if you're using AI to
write your application and then they're
using AI to sort it Yep this is a whole
thing how are how are the humans
actually involved in this
transaction current Year aw going to
have to find some way to change the
dynamic of how hiring works I don't know
what the answer is but we go back to
everything's in person you walk into a
store and hand in a resume like your dad
told you we meet potential employees at
uh at like uh you know Events and
Adventures we have to go back to online
dating but for like jobs I I feel speed
speed applications you all get together
and like like speed dating but like job
applications
man crazy uh no do not show up here with
a resume I'm just saying
you know was you know what was very
surprising to me when we did the um the
screwdriver pop up sorry sorry sorry
sorry Tim 0000 X3 and I actually do
believe this my brother-in-law uses a
bot to apply to 1,000 jobs a day he got
10 offers since he started zero
before and people hear
that so then they start doing that
because if you're getting zero offers
you're desperate right you're going to
do something this makes sense you have
to
so they're going to hear that then
they're going to start doing that and
now this person who was previously able
to apply to I don't know maybe 50 jobs a
day max is now applying to a thousand
then you times that by a bunch of people
and then all the workplaces have too
many applications so it either takes
them basically months to go through it
which is what like some of the positions
I've had where I have 2,200 applicants
like yeah it's going to take an obscene
amount of time to go through it all um
or they don't feel like doing all that
work so they just sort it with some
algorithm or AI reading thing or
something so like there way this is
broken basically and I'm not I'm
genuinely I I have no clue what the next
step is but I really hope I don't know
some startup or something find some
solution
to to solve this because it's
uh so it's bad uh at the Precision popup
I noticed we had a little booth that was
like an lmg Bob's booth and I was Ariana
and the uh the new HR oh
shoot probation I think well whatever
whoops um I'm pretty sure that's wrong
anyway so I think you're okay
nice yeah let's go with that I'm going
to say pretty sure but yeah cool anyway
uh they were there and I dropped in and
I was just
like what are you guys doing here and
they were like oh yeah it was uh it was
someone in Management's idea and I'm
like they're like why is it a problem
I'm like no I just wouldn't have
occurred to me in a thousand years to
have like an lmg jobs booth at at like a
at like a product launch popup thing but
I talked to them after the fact and they
were like yeah we were actually
like uh what's the not not bumping
pumping bumping would be like club right
yeah there they were like booming
booming business with booming was was
effectively what they said and I was
like oh that
is cool and I I guess in the context of
this
conversation that makes sense like we're
going back
to in human connections to Wild right
like that's not that's not what I was
told growing up I was told you know send
your resume maybe drop it off ask to
speak to a hiring manager but like good
luck none of them are going to talk to
you by the time that advice made its way
to me so
yeah
wild I don't know if I ever got a job
out of the
blue trying to think like I volunteered
at the pool um oh dude what my family
just oh yeah all of
us my mom got into the film industry by
biking up to a film set and like talking
to the
director and then uh the director could
tell they were in like the middle of
nowhere so he was like yeah sure bring
me your resume like today as like a joke
and she actually biked all the way back
home and then biked all the way back to
the set and gave him a resume and he was
like that's nuts sure you have a job and
then she became that was a union
position so she skipped the whole like
you have to work through Indies to get
into the Union thing because she
technically got Union hours from that
meaning that she was in the union so
then she was just working for like big
Netflix shows immediately
um almost all my early career jobs I
just got by like basically showing up
and being like I'll work right now I can
do this right now and they were like uh
sure I'm sure my brother has similar
stories my family's kind of yeah we've
been all over that
um huh yeah uh in response to your
question how'd I get a job at NC I I was
well known on their Forum they had
thousands and thousands of posts they
very much knew who I was before I showed
up with the resume kind of how sean got
a job sort of he still had to like win
the interview rounds or whatever like he
had to go through the process but we
absolutely knew who he was yeah
um all right but yeah it it sucks out
there it sucks real bad it sucks for
both sides because I've gone to pretty
crazy lengths and it's sometimes taken a
long time to fill positions in in some
of my teams because of the insane waves
of applicants we'll get the most we ever
got I think was like 22 2300 but
properly giving an appropriate amount of
time to each one of the
2200 applications is brutal hold on a
second who is Top Gear 1224 says he was
Notorious actually what was your
username on the NCI Forum you too
TYC I want to know now new line is from
The ncx Forum let's see if I let's see
if I remember them or if I get to pull
Thanos I don't even know who you
are yeah we'll see if we get a response
anyway sorry I got distracted there uh
yeah no so like it it it sucks for the
people putting in
applications um and it also sucks for
the other side
because I don't know that having an
ocean of applicants actually means that
you are for sure going to get like the
best one cuz it's such a crapshoot when
you're just going off of pieces of paper
that try to describe a person it's like
no dude depends on what they're applying
for like if they're applying for a
writing position position piece of
paper's pretty good yeah maybe as long
as they actually if the piece of paper
is writing but are you actually getting
the writing sample with the initial
application or are you just getting the
resume and stuff and then you request
the writing sample afterwards depends I
mean a lot of the time you can at least
if they actually wrote it you can tell a
lot about someone's writing ability from
their another problem because it's it's
pretty easy like okay cool we have this
super Neato um was this written by AI
Checker except that so did the people
that are trying to get past it so they
can just make small edits until it says
0% like it doesn't mean anything um Top
Gear was meing and tyback says you don't
know me but you were impossible to miss
on the NC forms that sounds likely yeah
it's kind of my jam no there's no
archive no key uh it's actually a real
shame there was a lot of techn know lost
there it was lowkey like kind of an
amazing resource an amazing archive
because the threads about products were
tied to the bottom of the product page
so if you browse the product archive you
could find all this discussion about
products that was highly highly relevant
and probably difficult to track down
anywhere else it's it's a real shame
that that site is just vanished Into The
Ether now I I maintain that I would love
to acquire the domain and IP and
resurrect it but we have not been able
to reach an agreement that I consider to
be reasonable up until this time Taran
asked me about it the other day though
he was like do you like still want to do
that sure like if you can negotiate it
but the the offer that I got last time
was not had no basis in reality so it
was very difficult for me to uh as time
goes on too it's worth less and less
like are they recognizing that I don't
know I I mean I haven't talked to them
about it in a while basically the last
time I made offer it was pretty much
based on the cost of a fourl letter.com
and then plus like some um and then what
they came back to me with was
essentially an offer that um would have
some kind of like long-term Revenue
share and like a bunch of and I'm
sitting here going no you you understand
that this brand is like completely
trashed and worthless right like it's
not um even the people who know what
NCIX
is know that it imploded spectacularly
and was like shady at the end like it's
it's the IP is worth nothing the brand
is worth nothing it's a fouret with with
people's personal information on them
were auctioned off yeah yeah it's
uh um the bitman asks if you got nc.com
would you bring back the netl name
no I think I think what I would do with
the NC channel is uh like a like a
software and troubleshooting Channel I
think that would be that would be the
closest thing to sort of its origin
story while also fitting in well with
our current portfolio of channels I
would I would love i' would love to do
something like
that yeah Top Gear asks is the issue the
creditors or the seller or that's not
really what they asked but whatever
close enough uh it's a combination
right
because the ownership of the IP was not
necessarily the corporate uh netlink
computer Inc so if I were to acquire it
there could be some dispute as to who I
was supposed to pay for it um and none
of that as far as I can tell has been
legally resolved and no one who's
involved has any interest or any
motivation to resolve it until someone
comes in with a bag of money so it's
kind of a chicken and egg
problem so I just think it's just going
to I just think it's going to just
languish forever and I think that's also
something that the seller doesn't
understand is the baggage Associated and
the risk associated with digging up this
this corpse um could be diseased they'll
just never sell it
though I mean they'll die
eventually but that's that's not them
selling it no no I I just mean like you
know I I remember telling my wife at
some point she wanted me to like pick
something up and I was like any problem
goes away if you wait long enough she's
like no I'm like no really I mean yeah
eventually we're all just going to you
know Big Crunch or whatever the current
theory is for How the Universe
ends eventually the fact that humans
were on this planet will be irrelevant
eventually eventually yeah
sure when the sun just goes wh wait we
digging up corpses to eat no no no just
roadkill I want to I want to be US
president it's
recycling um all right what are we
talking about more topics oh sure yeah
uh this week in AI strawberries UI
benefits and meta being meta do do you
want to do the AI Roundup yeah some
pretty interesting stuff this week I
wasn't sure I didn't know that uh
strawberry was actually 01 um I don't
know I didn't dive super into that so
maybe the person who wrote this is is
correct I just I didn't think that was
the case but I didn't verify this or
anything um so maybe it is I'm not
really sure but uh either way I'll go
through the talking points regardless
and then if you guys want to look that
up if you care at all then that sure um
but I'll go through the talking points
open AI has unveiled its new strawberry
AI language star star star just I
thought it was strawberry for days it is
strawberry oh it's starberry in the dock
why does our why do our notes say
starberry yeah I thought it was
strawberry gosh darn it notes okay well
that's fine handyman is saying it is
strawberry 01 I think he means
strawberry 01 I think he means that it's
look if you want real news go watch a
different show this is just us talking I
do have some cool stuff to show for this
but yeah okay so strawberry I guess it
is the same thing thank you handyman I
believe handyman um so they unveiled
their new strawberry AI language model
which the company says has significantly
improved reasoning and problem solving
abilities the new model's official name
is open
ai1 with initial versions available now
which are 01 preview and 01 mini open AI
says that 01 preview outdoes GPT 40 in
competitive programming mathematics and
scientific reasoning users however say
that this Improvement is far from Global
and comes with significant delay due to
the multi-step processing occurring
behind the scenes before answering a
query and
before before we move move on to other
this week in AI topics I want to go over
some of the things that I did
oh Luke did a thing so one of the
examples that they had was how many e
are in the word strawberry which is I
think why or sorry how many RS how many
RS are e or RS yeah RS I did E because I
wanted to switch it up so how many RS
are in strawberry and hold on is this a
trick question three no it used to say
two it used to say two so previous
models would say two because it it
couldn't like count very well it didn't
have oh it it couldn't like deconstruct
problems things like that um okay so I
dumped oh I zooming a little don't want
to show you all that anyways I already
did that's fine we're doing some stuff
with ovh it's going to be cool um I
copied some texts that I
had and had it count the amount of e
that were in it and it did it and then I
was like I don't want to verify that so
I made a smaller amount and then asked
it to count that and then I did verify
and they were correct so it can count
that properly now which is cool okay I
didn't know that was hard that was that
was not super easy and then I looked up
a
uh a calculus
question a fairly basic one as far as my
understanding goes and I compared its
answer to um what the internet said and
it sound like it was pretty correct
ignore this part uh do you mind zooming
a little
on the calculus question yeah just in
general do you mind zooming a little is
no it's not Control Plus
okay uh but yeah it's interesting it
came to the same final conclusion that I
found in in answer banks on the internet
which was interesting and then this is a
question that I had shown on Wow before
that it couldn't answer which was this
New York Times game with the rules of
the game and then can
it do it basically right oh it totally
did so that was wrong oh it was uh
because I was trying to see so this new
the o1 preview you can't do attachments
so I was trying to see if I switch to a
previous model like gbg4 and do an
attachment can then I can I then switch
to 01 preview and make it read the
attachment the answer is no um it no
longer allows you to switch the second
that you have an attachment um but I
just fed it the information this way
instead of inserting a picture so I just
laid it out for it basically yeah it
took 62
seconds but it was not wrong it won the
game wow instantly well inant seconds
yeah I then kind of realized you know
Works instantly 62 seconds of the time I
I mean more like the first time it tried
but um
so the challenge here oh I don't think I
even
told
it okay I didn't actually ask it to do
it in six words yes Christopher we do I
didn't ask it to do it in six words but
the goal this time was to do it in six
words sometimes they'll be like oh dude
try to do it in four words or whatever
and when I play with Emma usually we try
to beat the amount that it asks you to
beat it in so it says six words we'll
try to do it in four words or whatever
else um so I then asked it after I did
it right away the first time I said can
you do it in as few words as possible
because that's not in the rules so it
wasn't aiming to necessarily do it in as
few words as possible and then we went
way off the rails uh this was
rough um after y we need a word starting
with k so we can consider the last
letter of koi as K by rearranging the
sequence
slightly which is not a thing at all um
additionally alternative we can add a
bridging word if necessary which is
necessary and then it just didn't do it
and decided the last letter of koi was k
um which um is a really different
misspelled sort of not how that works so
I tried to work with it and then it
ended up answering but it answered like
sort of multiple times in one answer and
also the final one was actually eight
words and it was like congratulations
you won using eight words and I was like
that's uh that's worse six uh so yeah I
don't know um it's not a silver bullet
and in classic open AI fashion they're
being a little closed about how it works
um nice but it is interesting you can
see it sort of think like throw throw a
question at me and I'll show you how it
how it in quotes thinks because this
part's actually
important
um sorry what do you want you want a
question throw throw something at me to
throw it it uh
um what's better a zip up hoodie or a
pullover sure why not I don't know like
you're putting me on the spot here I
don't know if that's a smart question
it's
not but let's see so when it does this
whole thinking thing we'll see if it
actually has to think yeah okay so we
can see what it does evaluating hoodie
types
yeah cool it's very neutral very good um
but you can see the steps that it
took noticing convenience and style
offer adjustable designs and Casual
Aesthetics while pull over hoodies excel
in warmth and simplicity and I I wanted
to dive more into it I wanted to try to
play chess against it to see its spatial
reasoning but I didn't have time um but
I was I was chatting back and forth with
Wendell about this for a second these
are
odd these are weird oh yeah
noticing convenience in style did it
notice that did that happen they're like
they're very humanized ways of doing
this right but is it actually different
from what it was doing
before it's uh I think I feel like
they're trying to make it more
approachable and friendly by humanizing
it mhm and I don't know if I like that
and I wonder if this is part of the the
contention that has led to certain
people
leaving um open AI cuz this is like
genuinely kind of
weird
um I think they just Generate random
text to it cuz like this is all factors
that would have had to be considered by
any other previous model anyway so if
the only difference is that like and how
do they how do they prove that this has
anything to do with the actual model
training anyway like I
don't why would open AI be motivated to
show us any part of the of the narrowing
down and
categorization that helped it to
understand my two comparatives here well
originally they were supposed to be open
and now they're like the least open
version um so I think that's why they
would show us but I I
think in my opinion the reason why
they're showing these steps is they're
trying to justify the time taken which
is that does make sense this is why it's
taking time um because it's not blitzing
towards one answer it's trying to
compartmentalize the the question that
you asked and then solve each section
individually and then bring an answer to
you um to to deal that's like the the
whole reasoning steps and stuff I
haven't done enough research on how this
works yet this broke yesterday I've had
no time but
um it's it's definitely interesting it
is worse than old models at certain
things
um some people have called that like an
overthinking problem H where sometimes
the the solution is like easier than it
tries to make it um and by in quotes
again overthinking um it it causes some
problems here and there
but
yeah they don't show it actually it's
faking they hide it for competition yeah
I I mean I okay
like I was saying they're they're
they're very strongly humanizing what
it's doing they're not they're not it's
not exactly what's happening that's
fairly obvious it doesn't work that way
it's not noticing anything yeah um but
then was it all wasn't it kind of
already like
friendly yeah see the difference by
doing that drop down it feels like
you're trying to look behind the curtain
I see and there's another curtain and I
don't think like in the same way that
people used to argue with me before it
was to look on the internet they're like
no it is looking on the internet do you
remember that yeah yeah people AR going
to get this I see and I I
don't I don't necessarily think that's
good you
know in other news speaking of things
that are not that great uh the state of
Nevada has announced that it has paid
$1.3 million for a Google powered AI
system that will assess unemployment
claims using evidentiary documents and
transcripts from appeals hearings and
recommend to a human referee whether to
approve or deny benefits Nevada
officials promise that every case will
receive human review and they expect the
new system will eliminate the backlog of
cases that has existed since the
pandemic by reducing the time it takes
to write a determination from several
hours to just 5 minutes in some
cases here's my question how do you do a
human review in 5 minutes of something
that used to take several hours unless
you're just mostly going along with what
the AI said I I don't know how realistic
what I'm saying is but I've also been
reading some stuff about
how the you know the whole
like get a a chat gbt or whatever style
program to help you with the thing and
then review the output before you
submit that's being followed through
less these days well yeah
dude fixing a bad output in some cases
as someone whose entire job for a lot of
the last probably eight or n years has
involved a significant amount of taking
other people in this case other people's
output and fixing it is actually a
significantly higher mental burden than
just thinking about it and putting it
down for myself in the first place
whether we're talking about script
review or whether we're talking about
like a like a a planning document for an
event or whatever the case may be
um imagine iming for a second that by
having the AI do the work that someone
can
just review it and it like and that
those skills even are necessarily
transferable or or fully transferable is
so naive you also have to understand
humans right like someone's going to
fall
behind and need to catch up because
their boss is mad at them and they're
feeling like they're going to lose their
job so they just start stamping things
faster yep like it's
I don't like this um it clearly still
hallucinates it clearly still
does is able to be lightly pushed into
problems that are not super easy to
detect if you're not really looking
through stuff
um it's not ready for these types of
scenarios and meta Global privacy
director recently admitted during an
Australian Senate inquiry that the
company has been using public photos and
posts on its social platforms from his
farb is 2007 to train its AI models meta
claims they only scraped accounts of
users over the age of
18 is this even news no uh and Google's
notebook LM app now has a feature called
audio overview which can summarize the
documents it's given into a lively
bantering conversation between two AI
hosts essentially a fully automated
podcast that actually sounds complete
completely unhinged and I would
potentially listen to the crap out of
that I would we should just feed the W
document to it see how it does yeah see
how it does see how accurate it is I'd
be I'd be I'd be actually pretty down if
you did this with
the I don't know the automated meeting
notes that you get if if you try to have
something automatically take like
exactly transcribe what people say from
meetings it's hilarious anyways it's
wrong all the time oh yeah 100 they are
100% oh dude dude dude dude dude dude
dude dude oh have I have I shown you
this I I got a clip
uh hold on this is
amazing oh I should send it to Dan do I
have it I wiped my phone a little while
ago so I actually don't know if I have
this clip on my phone anymore I'm so
upset right now oh let's see if it sync
to Google photos my Google photos is a
little messed up though so things don't
always syn there okay well I do do do a
thing real if you don't mind I'm going
to see if I can find this uh Google the
way back machine when Google search
deprecated its cash feature earlier this
year Google liaison Danny Sullivan
expressed a hope to compensate for the
loss of the feature by linking to the
way back machine now according to a blog
post from the internet archive that hope
is now a reality Google likewise
confirmed that search will be linking to
these archived
websites uh users will be able to find
these results by clicking the three
three dots next to a particular link and
searching the more about this page
option on the about this result
panel uh which is actually pretty cool
so that's that's good
news yeah I thought that was super cool
that's cool um being able to find way
back machine stuff better is is pretty
pretty excite um some actually really
are you still looking I think I found it
but I am Dan do I have just like a a
standing share folder with you yet uh no
but you can just send it to me on chat
if you want nah all right well they do
that uh some other really good news
actually uh we're all in gab's family
valve is officially rolling out steam
families for all users family allows up
to six members of a household to play
any game from their shared Library this
includes the ability of multiple people
to play multiple games from the same
library at the same time or the same
game if the library contains multiple
copies so cool the previous Family
Sharing system blocked playing multiple
games from the same Library if the owner
was already playing a game which was
really inconvenient for me CU if I
wanted to play tape to tape over in the
Lan area and someone's playing Beat
saber over on the TV I couldn't I
couldn't do that so you had to go sign
in a stupid other account it's just a
pain in the butt if you're not playing
the same game at the same time and
you're a family living in the same house
this totally makes sense I love Family
Sharing I've been in the beta for a
while I I love it I love it I love it I
love it and uh it's great and everything
else needs it dude uh the kids wanted to
the kids want to try ano yeah and I was
like I like logged into up play and I'm
like these guys are so far
behind how so what I have to log in as a
parent I have to log my kid into my
Ubisoft connect account in order for
them to play
this game like the we've gone so far
backward from discs and then now steam
has caught up to discs and then P discs
in everything but resale resale is still
something we got to solve here valve but
like dude I was just I was looking at it
going this is this is ridiculous it's
like dinosaur I'd rather I'd rather they
just like not bother playing the game
like I just don't want to I don't want
to deal with this platform at all this
is such this is an absolute game changer
for steam users it should be noted you
can't just willy-nilly change families
there's a one-year cool down so you can
just be like yeah yeah I'll just like
join a family and then dip and then join
a different family according to what's
most convenient for our shared game
library but you also like uh so the next
note is a counselor that his children
will be unable to leave the group unless
kicked out by a parent while parents can
leave at any time once a user joins they
crash the car man now you got real
leverage I'm going kick you out of the
steam family no dad I want to play the
games I wonder about that rule actually
it says once a user joins a family
they'll have to wait a year before
joining another as a as a child of a
family
that you may have conflict with is that
weird it seems like it might be weird I
wonder if once you're a certain age you
can just leave anyways I don't know
probably yeah cuz your age is determined
by your birth date anyway not by telling
it how old you are like in Steam oh yeah
yeah yeah you don't say I am 13 you say
I was born in this year so it should be
fine yeah
yeah uh yes sound is very important
contact steam they can't just do it
willy-nilly I am a little worried if
there's like any identifiable
information in the video is there
anything that needs to be blurred oh
what is this don't worry about it don't
worry about it okay just don't worry
about it
okay uh no it looks like it should be
fine you're thinking about sharing to
stream but I can't see what it is yeah
yeah well cuz it's a surprise for you oh
okay yeah it's a surprise okay on your
own on my own laptop oh well I didn't
think of that did I
not no no no no I can do it on my own
laptop um makes the
sound this was
taken in August so so this was taken a
little over a month ago and this
basically summarizes in a
nutshell why I just completely don't
believe anything I hear from Google
about the usefulness of digital
assistance I've talked a fair bit about
how utterly bloody useless my voice
voice assistant always are for me so no
matter what the demo is whether it's
that stupid camera that was supposed to
take a picture whenever it was the right
time because AI or whether it's like
your assistant supposed to like book an
appointment for you and it's somehow at
the right time and the person on the
other side isn't mad about it just like
all these things and I I hear from you
guys like oh yeah no like it works great
for me I'm sitting here going the amount
of time you waste getting this stuff to
work compared to the amount of time it
would take to just call your stylist and
make an appointment I'm sorry I just
don't buy it assistant is a more
convenient alarm setter this is the this
is the kind of [__] that I deal with
just about every bloody time I try to
use the thing okay so Dan do I have
audio so your laptop's currently playing
something so let's make sure that stops
before we play this your laptop's
playing something there we go and I'm
going to turn that on and we should be
able to hear it too I hope yeah go for
it you guys got audio for me no I don't
have it here does Luke hear it we should
turn on
C can't hear it on
C I'm not I'm not hitting it anymore I'm
just making that noise stream does
stream has it oh stream has it I don't
know why we don't wait but Luke can't
hear it nope well how that gosh darn it
let's just watch Dan until he fixes it I
mean you got to play audio or I can't oh
I
see yeah I don't know let's look at him
very intently why aren't we getting it I
want to listen does it look like I'm
looking at him I'm trying to look at his
portrait
oh oh we were just going to look at him
I guess we could look at him he's he
like behind a monitor though this feels
this feels like more like if he if he's
looking at the preview of the show then
like this is like intense like we're
like yeah yeah we're
overseeing micromanagement I think I
know what haven't you press that key on
your keyboard slightly too slowly see
how effective this is yeah he's he's
going to fix it because we're looking
that's I'm going to have to take the
stream down to fix it we uh really we
probably shouldn't do that let me let me
see what I can do if we go set this to
seven we can solve all the problems
start to apply changes no I'm not going
to do that we we can solve all the
problems lmg has if we just have two
managers per employee and then they just
stand over them yeah it's very
effective they'd work probably twice as
hard that's what construction does and
it's very it's very efficient and and
there's never cost over runs
construction sites worker and Friends uh
and to be clear and like he said
timelines never get exceeded no
disrespect to the people who are working
hard on construction sites it just when
you drive past them the Optics aren't
great yeah oh the honestly the road
workers I understand almost more because
a lot of the times it's the whole hurry
up and wait situation the whole crew
can't be working at the same time you
have to wait for some process to finish
but it just you know when you walk by
and there's four people looking at the
one guy in the hole who's dating it's
just like yeah but sometimes the hole is
too small and only one person can do it
I also anytime people bring up that
argument it's just like yeah and then
you go to work and sit on your darn
phone anyways like there's I have a
solution assuming that on the side of
the road turn up your laptop speakers
just because what you happen to be doing
is inconvenienced by these workers not
having been done their job already
doesn't mean that you're also not lazy
at your job sometimes shut
up um my solution is my job isn't
broadcast uh to thousands of
people I mean yeah it
is okay hold on hold on hold on hold on
okay uh my solution is dumber than yours
but also might actually work a little
bit better than yours at the same so I'm
going to hit play at the same time and
then Luke can just listen to it slatch
it on my phone oh well you oh yeah I
guess I'll have to do it okay uh we
ready okay so let's switch to Linus
laptop oh Dan why are you hanging out in
the middle of my car console okay here
we go 1 two 3 yvon
ho who do you want to call
yvon who do you want to
call Ivon
ho she's right
here who do you want to
call
Ghostbusters sorry who do you want to
call Ivon
ho who do you want to
call
Ivonne who do you want to
call ion
ho who do you want to it's brutal that
it's writing it too that's so bad
actually it's writing it out prop the
Ghostbusters was very funny the best
part is that that
interface as soon as I deactivate like
the voice assistant the top contacts
thing goes away I can't I can't touch it
I can't touch it I'm like come on while
the voice thing is up can you touch it
uh no no it doesn't work because it
because the voice thing is overlay yeah
yeah yeah oh that's so
annoying dude and to be clear I use that
function all the time and it does work a
lot of the time it works just often
enough that I depend on it and then so
when it doesn't work it's just another
another potential W for the old Acura
when I want to call people I press the
phone button on the steering wheel
that's me pressing the phone button on
the steering wheel and then I have dial
that just goes through my speed dial I
actually and I am a boring person so
honestly the top four people in my speed
dial it's pretty much all I need and I
have give me your phone oh it won't be
through there am I on your speed dial
yeah but I mean in my I'm talking in my
car car
okay my
goodness look I'm insecure okay I just
want to know where I stand in this
relationship the same spot
I'm number number two
suggested after the literal GF nice hold
on hold on let's see oh I don't actually
okay so this is interesting I I use T9
yeah so you'll see the way that I uh the
way like when I open my dialer it
literally just has me dialing random
numbers so with that in mind yeah I only
have like my recents I just clicked like
which is just 50% Ivon and then like
some random other people you can it's
like a hilarious and unknown numbers for
the most most part well those are
incoming oh yeah yeah so and if I were
to if I were to do like uh outgoing only
it would be probably about 80% Ivon I
call almost no one but my wife I don't
do like speed dial on my phone is there
a speed dial thing yeah speed di is
still a thing you can like oh yeah okay
I have a favorite section there is that
is that better that might be even better
dang okay so it's it's Dad brother
girlfriend and lonus and Mom I uh so the
the one that you're looking at here um
yeah this this is this is fine right yep
the one that you're looking at here I
set this up when there were only
about 10 to 12 people in the company so
I set it up
with um basically you and Ivonne and
then I think it's just like alphabetical
so I still have a bunch of people that
don't even work here anymore that are in
like this top contact like the I forgot
there was even a favorite thing on my
phone I don't use that yeah speed dial
dude speed dial is dead yeah like it's
really easy to use you just go like this
and then assign but I just I'm never
going to use that because I can totally
just okay I misclicked but but I can I
have you that quickly by just because
once you have T9
memorized it's quick it's so fast to
call people T9 dude iOS 18 adding T9
dialing is way too much of the reason
that I'm willing to try it I believe you
I can't call people without dialing
that's like and the only person I call
is my wife so it's stupid that's like uh
phone screening for me is an actual
required feature I'm not going to switch
phones if it doesn't have phone
screening at this point yeah just won't
happen yeah um yeah I don't
know like I don't I don't I I cannot
think of a possible feature that a phone
could have that is going to override my
desire to have phone screening at this
point with how many spam callers there
are I'm using phone screening like every
other day xw2 asks do you guys think
your social situation may change
considering the text bubble change in
iOS 18 on my end it's prohibitive with
my one friend being singled out as the
only Android
User how do I say this gently xw2 you
and the rest of your friends are fing
ass
holes switch to a crossplatform
messaging app iMessage is not
special you're welcome Urban fer said
iPhones have screening I thought yeah so
I would consider them I'm I'm just
saying this is I'm I'm not saying there
aren't Alternatives he's also saying
iPhones have T9 dialing now I'm just
saying that is a required thing for me
if if one of the brand if pixels stopped
having it I would no longer use pixels
just straight up
rubber Nick says how do you know what
they are doing lonus the fact that it
matters that anyone is on Android or iOS
tells me what they're doing that's
ridiculous it's
so
stupid speed dial is not T9 recursive
T9 the amount of time I've spent arguing
about T9 dialing with people who just I
think most people have literally no idea
what it is don't understand what it is
and don't want to understand what it is
I've explained it so many times and you
you don't need to but if you don't
understand what it is don't argue about
it that's it someone says what is
it oh man okay I'm going to explain it
I'll explain it I'll explain it I'm
going to explain it again okay you know
how on your phone when you open up like
the dialer screen with the numbers if
you start typing someone's number right
it'll start
autocompleting the rest of the number
that made a ton of sense back in the
early 2000s when people memorized phone
numbers which also no area codes yeah
yeah and phone numbers were a lot
shorter phone numbers were seven digits
when I was a boy we didn't need area
code to dial the area code unless it was
long
distance anyway um okay there's another
way to start dialing numbers where
instead of dialing the numbers okay so
the two area codes here are are the two
main ones in our area are 778 and 604
okay so if I dial 778 in the modern era
that's going to autocomplete literally
half the people in my phone book and if
I type 604 so it's not narrowing it down
much I've typed three numbers and it
hasn't really done much but if you look
closely and this is a remnant of a very
long time ago when it was really great
for marketing to have your phone number
for your business that you would expect
people to maybe memorize I hope because
that's how people would remember phone
numbers was by memorizing them if you
could have the phone number of your
business correspond to a word so say for
example you were a business that um did
house cleaning then you might want your
number to be um one two clean you know
okay so numbers correspond to letters
two is ABC 3 is DF four is ghi and so on
and so forth so what you can do is you
can dial the numbers that correspond to
the name of the person you're trying to
call and it narrows it down way faster
if I type
5853 that could be luke it could
be Juke it could
be it's probably Luke right so as as
soon as you've typed
probably three numbers at most four
unless you have an enormous contact list
you have probably surfaced the person
you're trying to call and on Samsung
anyway you can text with a swipe to the
left and you can call with a swipe to
the right so for me being pretty fast I
can call Luke in okay well here I don't
know give me a
name uh uh
Jake that was that was pretty quick I
saw it come up I didn't see the whole
thing I saw slow which slowed me down
but like I said the the he typed three
numbers and then a list of people came
up and I could I could I couldn't see it
very clearly but I saw Jake's profile
photo I recognized his Prof so probably
in about half a second I can call
someone it completely negates any need
for me to have any kind of favorites or
ever dig around in my address book and
that's the reason that it's f f is
because for whatever reason when you go
to contacts you then have to click
search you then have to start typing
it's so many more interactions with the
device when what you should be doing is
just dialing the numbers according to
the letters and it goes through your
entire address book which when your
address book is as big as mine um can be
a challenge and and admittedly it's not
as big as it used to be like back when I
was handling um all of like our brand
relations on the sponsor side and
product procurement and also the team
and and and and and um you know the the
random people that I might call um list
was a lot longer like these days yeah I
mostly just call my wife but I'm
definitely used to it I'm definitely
used to just you know doing that and you
can put businesses in there too like if
I want to call my vet I'll just type uh
here hold on I have to close the stupid
address book that I opened like a
caveman so I just type 838 and boom my
vets there assuming that I actually put
my vet in my uh in my address book which
I oh you know what I probably I probably
did but it's probably under uh Fraser
Animal Hospital there you go so uh 3727
I don't actually I couldn't tell you
like if you ask me right now
like what is the number code for calling
Dan Dan 3
to six I want to say
six nice nice but there was like some
computation there but yeah I don't I
don't have to think about it if I'm
dialing so it's one of those things
where it's just like if you if it works
for you great and if you don't want to
memorize all of that [__] just don't
and don't care and just not be bothered
by the fact that T9 dialing is there for
everybody else because it doesn't
affect anyone other than the people who
use it it's totally fine uh Jeron de
says I learned about T9 dialing from you
changed my life best tech tip ever yeah
it's just it just it drives me bananas
um when I'll explain it like this and
then people will look back at me
like a stupid like no it's not stupid it
just doesn't matter it's not for and
that's fine but it isn't stupid yeah I
don't use it I think it's cool I think
if you're a person who's like invested
in it it's it's pretty sweet I there are
definitely use cases where I think it
would be kind of nice but looking at my
phone and the people that I call uh I
don't call that many people the
favorites tab is fine and honestly I
don't even use that I can pretty much
just operate out of recent oh dude
especially in my car when I can't rely
on my voice styling recent is like a
godsend I'm usually trying to callon
anyway in in my car the the top contact
is Emma yeah to call her in my car is
yeah probably half a second because I
I'll move both hands simultaneously I'll
press the the foam button on the
steering wheel and then just enter on
the middle of the like dial thing
because she's the first one and when you
press phone it goes directly to the
favorite so it's just like rip calling
nice amazing and then if it's basically
you or anyone in my family it's just
like one or two dial clicks and then
enter and it's right there it's like
okay cool zaku asks silly question is
Taran eligible for the $5,000 Tech
upgrade series I don't think exec are
eligible at least not anymore we did
Colton though and we did Ivon come to
think of it are exec
eligible I think some have opted
out I'm not 100% sure I don't know how
it works all I know is that
the the float plane Peeps are Elijah
says they're
eligible if I ever get pulled I'm taping
Elijah to a pole so he can't do anything
in my house I wouldn't blame you we
could actually just have like an Elijah
cam yeah sure that would just be in the
corner of the entire video so it would
show what Elijah was doing taped to the
pole while and I wereing on it aped down
and we could give him like little
puzzles or something to play with yeah
like little finger puppets or and then
and then we can make sure there's a
monitor nearby with like Subway Surfers
so he can just oh good have like you
know distractions so he doesn't just
like start tweaking out yeah having
withdrawals yeah that's
good Elijah we got you we're thinking
about we're thinking of you we'll make
sure it's
comfortable uh okay what what else are
we supposed to be talking about okay
yeah Subway servers oh God he's in now
he's he's there are two more topics left
uh long form videos in the shorts feed
somebody on the subreddit posted a
screenshot of a long form YouTube video
being displayed as a short according
according to Google's support page they
are conducting a few experiments with
the watch page to increase
discoverability across channels formats
and lengths of YouTube which could mix
could include a mix of video formats
including long form videos where you'd
normally see shorts
kind of weird I get the motivation I get
it too there's no money in shorts not
for creators not for YouTube it's it's
very small like we did that we had that
short a couple weeks ago that did like
eight or n million views on that little
like underwater scooter Mig thing and
compared to a long form video that did
that kind of viewership to be clear it's
really hard to get that kind of
viewership on a long form video by
comparison but compared to a long form
video that did those kinds of numbers H
like a fraction it's like I I think the
I think the monetization rate is like a
20th or a 30th or a 40th or something
like that like it's some it's some tiny
tiny amount by comparison so sorry I
thought you were done so I can I can see
them wanting to convert shorts
viewers to a longer video watching
session I don't know that having letter
boxing and pillar box or whatever or
like gigantic letter boxing I guess is
how it shows up I I don't know that
that's the solution but um that's my
biggest push back to be honest is the
formatting is weird I can see why they
want to do it and I can see why creators
would be interested in it as well
because short form content is very much
seen as a funnel somewhere else whether
it's to your courses that you offer to
your merch to your long form videos
Almost nobody sees it as um or like uh
something that gets a lot of ey so you
can sell sponsorships or product
placements like almost nobody is
treating shorts like the end it's a
means yeah uh Elijah pointed out short
to Long conversion is so bad though less
than 1% so that's true and I don't think
that's at all surprising if you look at
how the mechanism of shorts works it's
notree I think is the idea yes there are
also if you look into it some really
interesting strategies being employed by
creators to improve their short to Long
conversion and I promise you there are
certain creators that have way higher
conversion rates than that I also think
there's other forms of conversion rate
like one of the most interesting short
strategies that I've seen is uh a
Creator
who they didn't take a slice out of
their video it's a genuinely Unique
Piece of content but it's related to an
upcoming video and it's really
interesting and it makes you want to
know more and then that video comes out
so they use it as a trailer almost hours
later or a day later so yeah it's
basically a trailer and you won't see
any conversion on that effectively
because there's nothing for them to go
to
watch but it it might give you a
stronger click-through rate on that
first notification because these viewers
are primed to be interested in this
piece of content got it and then they
see that content follow through really
interesting idea there's a bunch
of interesting angles that creators are
taking uh um but nokki asks didn't you
guys get sponsored by nexo to make
shorts answering people's Tech questions
how's that sponsorship Revenue compared
to full video
sponsorship um I don't know how much
they paid uh but I would assume that it
is less than like fulllength videos like
vods and more than if we just uploaded
shorts without any
sponsorship uh we we uploaded a short
the other uh yesterday I think oh no to
he we uploaded a short today that's
actually doing pretty good it's a
um it's reacting to the cardboard laptop
oh yeah yeah Evan and Caitlyn
made met them at Matt Pat's uh
retirement party almost said funeral
he's alive as far as I
know now yeah oh my goodness yeah you
just ominously add that at the end
of it's my best for now for now
another 80 years
maybe oh my goodness
um yeah that's cool though that's good
yep good job
team is Uber engaging in Pay
discrimination nonprofit news
organization more perfect union recently
conducted an experiment where they
brought together several Uber andyt
drivers and had them log into log into a
shift and plac their phones next to each
other on a table they found that the
drivers were consistent instantly
offered different pay for the same jobs
with lift price swings being the most
drastic sometimes this variation was
only a few cents difference but it could
also vary by as much as $3 wow due to
the blackbox nature of Uber's algorithm
it is unclear why any given driver was
offered different pay according to an
Uber blog post upfront pay may be
affected by GPS location estimated
arrival time promotional offers and
surge heat maps that refresh every few
seconds however these should have been
larger accounted for by having all of
the drivers in the same place at the
same time however this pay may also vary
depending on tests that are being run by
Uber our discussion question is is this
pay discrimination and what is the
likelihood that Uber can or is using
this system to minimize driver pay uh
that second part 100% as for whether
it's pay discrimination that's harder to
say because they would have to prove
that they're discriminating based on
some kind of protected attribute of the
drivers also these drivers all the same
rating is rating allowed to play into
their their income does it play into
their income is it just a a way to get
kicked out of the program
basically there's a lot
of questions to ask here I just thought
it was interesting it's interesting that
there's variance yeah I mean it makes
sense that if they're going to play
around with the rate that you pay
they're also going to play around with
the rates that they pay totally and I
would absolutely see them using this to
minimize the amount that they pay while
maximizing the amount that they extract
I mean that's literally the name of the
game that's how business works yeah hey
float plane updates speaking of business
yeah have you ever wondered why the W
show is late all the time to answer that
oh my God this is a monthly series
apparently to answer that question
people like the first one we have a
monthly
series called why is when late that just
launched yesterday um and is apparently
already
beloved so Sammy has been going around
in the leadup to WAN show and talking to
people about what's going on in the
leadup to WAN show especially when we
are late and there's some pretty good
behind the scenes you can kind of see
what it's like on a Friday around here
this is this is pretty old this is from
I mean yeah obviously when you were at
um Defcon at Defcon
yeah and you're getting a fair bit of
great and the beard oh yeah dang yeah
not the hair so much the beard for sure
well you have a really favorable um hair
color to hide it oh
yeah my gray has been coming in for a
while but because I have a little bit of
like blonde highlighting it's been hard
to hard to uh hard to tell it's pretty
obvious now though I don't
care I thought I was going to be bald
yeah me too I'll take it dude I'm so
stoked to have gray hair like you're
apparently supposed to look to the men
on your mother's side yeah I didn't know
that dude my grandpa went bald in high
school oh my grandpa had hair the whole
time okay then yeah so yeah I didn't I
didn't know that though so I just look
at my dad and be like well like I had
written off having hair I assume by the
time I was like 25 I'd be yeah gone Y
and I didn't care about that which to be
clear yeah is fine yeah I was like
whatever I guess that'll happen I guess
I I could pick it seriously though so
there's so many bald dudes I don't know
who cares and then when I figured out
like that isn't
happening it was like fairly neutral I
guess cuz I had accepted it so much that
I was just like whatever and now it's
like oh I guess I'll have it but it'll
be gray that's fine I don't know I just
I I don't care yeah I some people some
people get really like self-conscious
about it really really really really
into it like I was quite taken aback
when I was on lwig stream and he goes
hairline Che Caroline check and I'm like
like he does that with his he does that
with his stream like very regularly and
then he's like oh you're you're doing
pretty good for
37 uh are you on the are you on the
finest ride and I'm like sorry what is
that what even is that I only know what
it is because we had this conversation
it's like a a hair thinning drug um I
thought mine was
worse well it it's mostly here it's
mostly here that it's going to recede
more uh so yeah you could you could see
I'm defin I'm definitely receding
but I don't know it just uh I think like
I respected my dad the whole time I was
growing up my dad was bald the whole
time I was growing up so I just I never
cared at all
yeah apparently that drug can be
dangerous so I'm I'm not endorsing it
yeah it wasn't an endorsement y like I
don't even know if it's legal in Canada
there's all kinds of drugs in the states
that like thing up here yeah supplements
too anyway uh it follows both lus and
Luke um after 4:30 p.m. and we're even
tracking who's the latest so go check it
out we're also bringing back another
special week on float plane Riley week
Riley week we'll go live with a few
specials centered around Riley we talk
more about it next week and maybe even
show a little teaser of what's to come
so make sure you guys are subscribed to
float plane and now it's time for when
after dark yeah Dan you want to change
the color
scheme he's got this I believe in
Dan nice nice after dark nice nice nice
nice nice
nice you know what would be nice some
merch messages yeah do we go back to the
way we started the show and be all
gentle and soft or Hi l
I moved last weekend and in the
confusion the Mover stole my PC have you
had any PCs stolen uh how do you prevent
theft in such cases I had a pocket PC
stolen it's kind of my fault I left it
behind in a nice rink oh um and then
when I went back it wasn't there anymore
and that thems the brakes uh that was
pre like pins like literally the if the
battery died on that device it
completely factory reset like it was
just yeah that was that was a real thing
by the way that was
terrible yep yep I I don't think I've
ever had uh I don't think
I've oh uh okay I think this isn't what
you mean but like we've had equipment
stolen but not like my computer I've
been I've been very I've been very lucky
yeah I uh I have never had one stolen I
do take measures um you know General
house security is that's not going to
help you when movers take it so I I have
no real tips for stopping the movers
from taking it that's that's a rough one
um when I'm traveling with like laptops
and stuff
um even if I'm not tired if I'm just
like sitting down in an airport I never
like I don't like just put my bag on the
seat next to me because there's a chance
I'll look this way and it will be to my
back and someone might just take it and
walk away and I might not notice um I'll
like tie it to myself or wear it or
something or like it can even be pretty
simple like I'll put the bag down uh
I'll I'll kind of like hook my foot
through the shoulder strap while I'm
sitting down like it's not even a
noticeable movement really and just make
it so that if you were going to pick up
the bag you'd be picking up my whole leg
and then just like whatever and I'll
just keep it that way um might have had
a beater laptop taken from the back of
my Civic once when it was broken into
but I remember at the time not even
being sure if it was in there like it
really didn't matter yeah uh so
maybe my the first laptop I ever bought
still
works this would that Asus thing pre
that oh really yeah that Asus thing also
still works I've never actually had it
to someone the the like brown one right
yeah okay yeah
bamboo
um yeah yeah sweet steal a bag get a
free
Luke yeah
basically it's one way look at
it he DL I recently installed a smart
panel and apparently my network closet
and officer pulling 12200 Watts total
constantly any tips for how I can bring
down my $600 monthly electric bill for
the network closet there's not much
you're going to be able to do other than
buy new stuff and it I mean f $600 a
month oh man power must be way more
expensive where you are they're saying
home office and stuff too right the they
just they added monitoring they didn't
say home office they said my network
closet and office office home office
well you guys are assuming that it's
home yeah otherwise you wouldn't care
about the electricity bill you might if
you pay utilities and your true I don't
know I think we forget that our
electricity is cheap here yeah no I
think this I think the electricity there
is just really expensive without
reducing what your electronics are doing
or what what your things drawing power
are doing the only way you can really do
stuff is like get more efficient like
power supplies or something like that
1200 watts constant that's a lot is a
lot yeah 2 240 would improve efficiency
a little bit but we're talking like you
know 3 to 5% maybe percentages yeah yeah
so maybe you're saving like you know 20
bucks a month and whatever that upgrade
is costing you it's going to take a
minute to I'm really wondering like the
what is what is the constantly what is
running constantly that's taking that
much power because there might be um
some things that you can do uh where you
can run like scheduled systems to to
shut things down or something that's
that's a lot to pull constantly dude
like are you running AC overnight oh
yeah like AC could be a big part of it
Tim says I'm in Massachusetts I have a
home lab I spend $1,000 a month in
electricity yeah we're really lucky that
our power comes from falling water here
um yeah you gota other than buying new
stuff that is more modern or doing less
with it shutting it down when you're not
using it putting it on a schedule I
don't know what to tell you cuz utility
power cost what utility power costs I
mean you could put up solar panels um
that's an
option I mean you're spending a lot in
order to to make these upgrades but like
it's also costing you a lot to not make
them so it almost seems like you'd have
to I feel like it's got to be because he
said constantly my interpretation of
that is like even at 4 in the morning
when no one's there so my assumption is
that certain things just need to be shut
down whether that's AC or else maybe the
computer 1200 watts like that doesn't
even account for having AC running yeah
it's not enough is it yeah it's got to
be he's leaving the computer on
constantly shut her down put it to sleep
hibernate it
yeah do something I feel like something
can
change
H up next lus the closet gamer you have
said in the past that you didn't agree
with some of the decision
lmg what were they who made those
decisions then oh man there's all kinds
of decisions that I don't necessarily
agree with big company now I could
probably just search my email I mean
even in the earlier days um yeah I'm
just going to search my email for the
phrase I don't
agree s by hold oh my God there's so
many uh hold on well yeah I'd kind of
hope so at this point to be honest we've
been around for so long if he didn't
disagree that many times like uh he's
like too agreeable at that point okay I
search for which we know is not a
[Music]
problem
okay uh GDB sometimes I don't agree with
myself I I like that that's
good my position can change on things no
exactly that's reasonable
um yeah I okay I'm trying
to I don't foresee the results no I mean
hm I uh man what could
I oh I'm going to search for try
anything twice cuz that's a line I often
use when people suggest something to me
and
uh okay uh this is regarding the
compilation of scrapyard Wars my
response is just try anything twice I
support it I do and I
said I no okay I didn't this I didn't
really have an opinion on man I guess a
lot of this would take place like via
chat Luke can you think of something we
did that I was like I don't agree but
let's try it
anyway like I feel like there's
definitely been I promise you this has
happened a bunch of times I can't really
think of like a particular example like
there's there's definitely concepts for
videos that I've been
like I don't
agree um but we can try it and see how
it goes or like like titling a video
where I'm like okay yeah yeah go ahead
and try it um I don't think that's the
best
approach I can't find anything right now
though I can't think of a particular one
off the top of my head but I know there
is videos back in the day that we'd go
back and forth on and you'd let me try
stuff and sometimes it would work and
you were wrong and sometimes it wouldn't
work at all and you were right and it's
just like I don't know how it would
go okay
um all right well I don't know do you
want to do you want to do another one
and I'll I'll keep trying to find
something in the meantime sure do you
have any for me Dad yeah I know that
there's one or two in here let's see if
I can find
it ah hey lldd Luke what's your favorite
Leanback game to relax with these days
Oh I thought of something oh okay never
mind look shut
up uh we're doing
it uh we're doing a fairly costly uh
customer survey oh yeah yeah um I don't
agree I I told I told uh the senior
management team that I don't think it's
the best possible use of money I think
that a lot of the things we're looking
to learn from it are are things that if
the product team at Creator Warehouse
wants to know I could probably I could
probably get them 70 to 80% of the way
there by just chatting with them for 30
to 60 Minutes um a lot of the questions
we're asking I I understand why they
want to to do it in this way by by
hiring like a like a survey company to
that specializes in you know the the
composition of the questions and the
sampling and and whatever else and it
has you know these
connections um
I I
uh I think that the polling and Survey
industry is inherently flawed um because
truly neutral sampling is literally
impossible especially in the in the
Modern Age and you you see that with
highly publicized survey results like uh
us election predictions um us election
polls uh so we're doing it we're
spending what I consider to be a not
very
um uh amount of money that I'd like to
spend on it uh but I green lit it
because this was something that the team
other than me and yvon and some other
people is aligned on
and my whole thing is like okay well
then here's my expectations in terms of
measuring a return on
this
um and I hope you know what you're doing
um tyack says this is a mistake you're
airing Dirty Laundry it's not dirty
laundry it's okay to
disagree I've said that a bunch of times
on the show show is lus I I've said a a
billion times on the show that this this
company makes decisions that I don't
agree with all the time and that's okay
and that's okay you're never going to be
in an organization where you agree with
literally every single action the
company ever takes and I've provided my
rationale but let's make sure I provide
their rationale as well their rationale
is that if we sample our existing
customers it doesn't tell us much about
the the broader customer base that's out
there if we just you know go based on
gut feeling well then or like you know
what we've anecdotally observed over the
years sure yeah that might get us 70% or
80% of the way there but if this gets us
a few more percent um that might at the
very least uh you know help guide
product development in a more uh in a
more um scientific you know a more a
more rigorous way um part of the
justification is that that's just what
these things cost so if we want to dip
our toes into into data collection in
this manner this is just kind of what
what it costs to have a credible company
do it and then we can decide after
trying it once if that's something that
we want to do again so there are
absolutely absolutely counterarguments
and at the end of the day I said I don't
agree and here's the
check bold bold well you got to you got
to try stuff right I mean if I just
wanted to if if all we ever did was my
perspective then that could potentially
limit our capacity for new ideas and
growth right um there is this whole
problem um with
Founders where uh in some cases to like
grow past a certain point you you either
need to like cycle them out or certain
job functions can't be done by them
anymore because they'll have a certain
scope of thinking that doesn't
necessarily continue to
work and to be clear there's certain
times when I would absolutely stick to
my guns um yeah but when it's a
difference of
opinion you have to leave openings
yeah okay sorry what was the question
for Luke I want to hear now what's your
favorite Lean Back game to relax with
these days
oh I don't do that as much these days
um not playing gam you assume Luke leans
back yeah time has been expensive for me
lately
um genuinely lean back is a tough one uh
cuz usually I I'm more like I'll I'll go
play Pokemon go because it gets me
outside I'm walking I try to stay in
constant movement when I'm playing
Pokemon go as much as possible um
literally the opposite yeah it's not a
lean back but it is relx maing yeah I'm
changing the words which is not fair so
makes sense yeah so it's I I wanted to
include the answer because it's sort of
in line but it's it's also completely
not uh so a general Leanback game I
haven't played it in forever but um
either uh Civ so civilization or FTL is
not a Leanback game I I sweat when I
play the game I always make it like
hardest possible scario stress as hell
go crazy um I've beat all the challenges
in the game on all the anyways that's
impressive actually um I I am a FTL
sweat it's one of my favorite games ever
very sweat
um uh but yeah so Civ or Assassin's
Creed um right now it's you can tell I
play it all the time because I don't
remember the
name Odyssey Odyssey odyy let me look it
up did you ever mess with Dwarf
Fortress uh
uh sort of give me a sec though yes
Assassin's Creed Odyssey I've been
playing this game
for uh it looks like six years I play it
you know every once like every 3 to six
months I'll go jump in and do a few
missions and then leave
again
the the setting is beautiful Assassin's
Creed Odyssey is a a beautiful game
Great Sound you have a really cool uh
partner buddy in like this pet eagle
that you have
um the environment the setting is just
is absolutely fantastic so it's a very
fun game to go just chill in
um yeah I don't know that's it
though okay let's see what else do we
have hey leak lime and do drop nice
lonus uh when are we getting more house
build
updates oh very soon I actually reviewed
a video today that is fixing
the um we think we
hope uh fixing the corrosion issue with
the water loops and adding leak
sensing leak sensing is good yeah do you
have flow issues with that you have a
crazy pump so maybe it doesn't matter um
we were having some flow issues but that
was due to the like particle filter that
we had in line we got a better particle
filter and it seems to be flowing a lot
better now so cool uh yes but
no lonus are you still grateful of
having this job years ago you kept
mentioning that you have the world's
best job but you don't really bring this
up lately being frustrated by the
community instead H it's a good question
heavy um it's a good question though
well framed too I am
grateful I have definitely
found a more
I have definitely found a less positive
side of it um particularly over the last
year or so and I don't think it's new uh
I just think that for a long time the
supportive voices
largely overwhelmed to the point of
completely drowning out the less
supportive voices animosity and
negativity in the tech space has like
massively spiked I um it sucks a lot out
of curiosity because other than Sony's
own video we have the highest viewed
video on the PlayStation 5 Pro like it's
not even close um so out of curiosity I
went over to r/ PS5 like Reddit hates me
it's it's like not that's
not subjective that's just a fact uh
largely speaking the Reddit Community
just whether it's dismissive
or um or outright hostile uh in in
general the redditor community just kind
of hates me um and so I I went over I
was just I was curious do we even Merit
a post let alone you know getting any up
votes over there and not only did our
PS5 pro video which multiple people
elsewhere like off of Reddit um pointed
out how balanced it was like we did
point out the things that um that Sony
did that were making it very difficult
for people the extremely high price for
a cons is uh is a tough pill to swallow
in this economy you know like it's it's
not it's not it's not great but we also
talked through and explained why why it
costs what it costs U so not only did we
not Merit a post even though people
they're clearly watching it people are
watching it um but our last couple of
PlayStation products uh so the I believe
it was the portal and the
psvr had a bunch of discussion about
them when the videos were posted zero up
votes um not because there was any
particular argument against anything we
said but just because outside
of outside of and even within the LT
Community there is
uh an amount of animosity that I am
having a hard time really coming to
grips with uh it's been interesting
which I think is fair it's been
interesting watching the discourse
change around something like the
framework investment when we did it it
was with full transparency and with the
informed consent of the community um you
know understanding what this was what it
meant what would and wouldn't change
sorry are you talking the the framework
investment right now so not only the
full consent the excited involvement
and over time that has morphed from
enthusiastic support and I don't mean
for everyone a lot of people are still
like very much like raw ra raw framework
in fact too much I mean Austin posted
that not completely positive video and
people piled on him for it it's just
another edge of the sword of too much
animosity there's too much fighting so a
lot of people are still very supportive
but there's there's another sort of
portion of the tech community that just
looks at it and goes okay well you know
lonus is compromised now because he's
got this framework
investment but what I don't see is I
don't see
anybody actually providing any concrete
evidence to suggest that the framework
investment has affected my coverage of
any mobile device show me show me where
I said something that was un unfairly
flattering of framework or unfairly
critical of a competitor to framework
show
me if anything I treat them like the
coach's son yeah I reviewed a script
that Vibe a couple times I reviewed a
script with Elijah today um we had
someone come to us um with a complaint
about their customer service experience
with framework so it took us a little
while but we secret shopped them um and
I was not involved um Elijah
Alex um some unnamed people who are
staying anonymous because they're not
staff and if we can use their credit
cards for mystery shopping then hey why
don't we just not disclose their names
and then we could use them again um so
so a team of people put together a
secret a secret shop for framework and
as I was going through I went out of my
way to if anything I still I still did
act in my role as editor but when I made
a change to the script
I made 100% certain that everything I
did toned down the positivity as opposed
to toned it up or I explicitly checked
with Elijah and I said does this still
convey your thoughts about it
um I don't know it's uh it's been a it's
been a really difficult thing I
uh we're deep enough in wano at this
point that maybe I'll maybe I'll just
say this but
I I I I made it sometimes I make edits
to the script as we're as we're going
through and we're working together on
tweaks to it that are just meant to be a
joke they're just meant to get a laugh
out of the writer who's sitting next to
me like watching me change stuff and um
I I I put in I put in a bit about how
realistically the value of Frameworks
investment for me is less than um I
could Pro I could probably name half a
dozen laptop brands that have paid me
more over the course of my career than
the value of my investment framework
like if
you're um and it was kind a funny point
it was kind of poke it was kind of
poking fun at this idea that
uh that
somehow it was going to affect my
daytoday operation of the company other
than to be extra extra extra careful
about it
I mean you know this every single time
the idea of framework has been brought
up when it comes to internal use what do
I say every single time if anything you
point out that they're expensive and you
push against it if
anything and outside of that you usually
like I don't want to be involved with
the conversation because we were we were
looking into getting Frameworks for
internal laptops because of you know
their repairability and other stuff
going on but honestly
they're really expensive they're really
expensive they don't have touch screens
it's tough yeah there's a lot of people
the company that are pretty ride or die
for touch screens um and again they're
really
expensive so I don't know hopefully they
can figure that out that cyborg relay
says I've seen someone say you
accidentally auctioned an engineering
sample uh or whatever controversy it was
to attack that brand cuz they were a
framework competitor truly unhinged and
and the thing is that like it was it was
very it was enlightening but also
disheartening um rossman's video
supporting our degoogle your life series
uh
because
the the the the portion of the tech
community that
um I don't I don't under I don't
understand it uh if you if you wait if
you wait into that mess
um it's
uh I don't know maybe if you have like a
like a background in psychoanalysis you
can let me know what you think the kind
of rationale behind it is but it's uh
it's pretty intense it's tough and um I
still have a great job and I still um am
extremely grateful especially for the
years where things were Lar
largely not largely they're still
largely supportive and positive it's
actually been it's been really
encouraging seeing viewership tick back
up we're like I think we I think we
cracked like 80 million views on LT
we've been actually executing really
well on content uh overall audience
audience sentiment has been really good
but the
um I do miss the days when it was almost
universally
supportive and that doesn't mean that I
just expect adulation for everything I
do I I have always
solicited um constructive criticism we
had a rule on the Forum when we first
started it that you you couldn't attack
you know other creators in the space
each other um other people Media Group
moderators basically anyone but you
could go after lonus and myself and it
was genuinely fine for a long time cuz
people would do it but it was not a huge
population of people and and usually the
people would just kind of deal with it
and move on and it was
fine it was it was genuinely fine for
like many years and now it's just I
don't I think there's a little bit of
shooting the messenger like people
people there's some people that are
still extremely angry about like ad
block his piracy thing yeah like really
angry um which I genuinely at no point
in time have ever understood cuz
everyone's like happily posting memes
about pulling the pirate hat back out
again and stuff but then pointing out
that that is also that who cares if you
don't care deeply insults them it's like
what do you mean if you don't care and
you sleep well pirating movies and music
like why is is this a different line I
don't know why is this a worse line I
don't I don't I don't know i' I've
genuinely never understood it I don't
know I don't know dude whatever um or
like you know when when you have that
conversation that basically goes but
just like understand that when you pull
the funding away from something it gets
worse yeah like dude the state of news
media now it's it's terrifying yeah it's
terrifying and the deeper you go down
that rabbit hole the scarier it is yeah
we are so we are so vulnerable right now
because we weren't willing to pay a
subscription and we're still not willing
to pay a subt description to support
like real journalism
um yeah so there's been a couple
comments one of them was saying that
like it's not just you guys um while
that is true I genuinely believe that we
get a higher percentage than most
because of a lot of stuff that happened
tall and that and that both really but
there's channels that are just as big as
us that don't get anywhere near as much
um and then also uh there's been some
comments of people telling me to
like pull this topic along because it's
clearly negative and that we should just
ignore the trolls I hear you I don't
want us to do this all the time on way
show but I think sometimes showing kind
of what's going on on our end is just
sort of being honest with the viewers um
and it's pretty intense like uh if you
sort that that Rossman video that you
mentioned pretty positive video overall
if you go into the comments it's not
entirely positive but it's a pretty
positive video If you go into the
comments and you sort by
newest brutal yeah and it's like it's
easy to say well forget the haters but
this isn't that small of a niche you
know that's a video that has well over
half a million views now thousands and
thousands of comments um and
there's this almost Universal just like
I don't know how to describe it other
than just like yeah animosity hostility
um anger and expression of anger paired
with a note that no action no matter
what you do can ever be redeeming I
noticed that out at a very oddly
consistent rate there was a bunch of
different people clearly not Bots but
just like
this doesn't make it okay and nothing
that is ever done can fix my opinion of
this person it's like whoa yeah and it's
it's it's uh what's the term Ming yeah
like it's it's it's it's tough to relate
to like I I try to take feedback right
like I try to uh we we've always taken
in in data and tried to throw out what's
bad and and keep what's good and and
keep evolving keep evolving right um but
when you when you get something that's
just like um I'm mad and nothing can
ever change that I'm mad I don't even
necessarily know what I'm mad about but
um you know here's what I've kind of
like here's what I've kind of grabbed on
to as the justification for my behavior
it's I don't I don't really know how to
deal with that um speaking of things
that I that I that we've done that I
haven't agreed with um I strongly
disagreed with a lot of the ways that we
handled the controversy last year
um but that's part of making decisions
together as a team that's part of making
uh decisions based on you know the best
information that you feel that you have
at the time uh I felt like there was a
lot we could have said and I wanted to
say but you have
to to manage there's also that it was in
two
parts well makes it
complicated yeah I don't want to get way
too many things yeah we're definitely
not going to do that because if we were
to make a decision about changing what
we have or haven't said about any of
that that would be a decision we'd make
as a team because what you have to
understand past a certain point is that
the decisions you make impact more than
just you there's a hundred people on
payroll who depend on this company and
that was shown that was thrown into
sharp relief last year when I think I
think a lot of the Crusaders felt like
they were taking down you know like a a
big bad ogre um when at the end of the
day I already made my money and the
people whose lives that if we went down
which we we weren't going to we kind of
are awesome and we have a great team
literally world class um but if we went
down the people whose lives would have
been most negatively impacted would have
been small creators I often hear people
say yeah I don't want LTT I watch small
creators because I want to support small
creators you know oh you mean smaller
creators like Dan besser you know
producer of uh of this weekly podcast
who by the way creates every day for a
living here with lots of things
um even in that same sense if you start
looking to uh external to this company
small creators um I have always believed
in a rising tide lifts All Ships
when we were at our Peak so was the
entire Tech YouTuber
sphere when we slumped so did everyone
now I don't think that we
can assign any CA yeah there's been
there's been other challenges the the
whole industry follows a similar line
yep um and I don't think that mean that
relax I don't think that members of the
tech media tearing each other down is
constructive I think that I think that
we have always worked
to build
up technically
no I don't there's there's the one case
where we were negatively comparing I'm
saying we as a company not us not you
and me as individuals oh we were
negatively comparing other outlets sure
but I think think we dealt with that
pretty decisively I agree I'm just
saying okay yeah I can't I can't control
what every single person says and does
no
um yeah there was a there was an error
in a in a video a little while ago that
um you know
basically I was accused of being biased
in some way I don't want to get into the
exact details because it's just not
worth it but I was accused of being
biased and I was sitting there going
like I didn't even touch that I never
saw it
yeah that's tough and like I think I
think that's largely cuz like it might
not work that way this uh here we have
100 plus people but a lot of YouTubers
are one two bit operations so people do
think that they basically see everything
but it's like we're not yeah we're super
not
um so yeah I am still great
um it's harder to keep track of that um
there are there are definitely times I I
was I was swimming in my private pool
the other day and I thought no really
though and I was like this is this is
the pool that you know this none of this
would be possible this is a crazy life I
could have never imagined for myself if
I hadn't through a combination of uh
Hard Work Talent and being exceptionally
lucky I was in the right place at the
right time um this is something that
never would have been possible this is
absolutely incredible and just like had
this moment of gratitude I was I have to
confess I was thinking not as much about
you guys I was actually thinking more of
um my wife and the team
um sorry you guys are totally totally
integral to the whole thing like for
real um yeah that was like 3 days ago so
yeah I I definitely think about it often
but um it's harder in the day-to-day
these days it's it's been it's been very
challenging it has to just to you know
help us come up for air a little bit
here though yeah you mentioned earlier
teams are doing better things are
getting better all of that is true yeah
like uh not only are performance metrics
coming back but I genuinely think the
space is getting a little bit less toxic
I think there's been a sentiment shift
towards us specifically as well um yeah
I I'm honestly looking more overall at
the whole industry but that's probably
also true in regards to spefic they're
kind of related maybe I think they're
kind of related I think a lot people are
maybe tired of it I think exhausting it
is it's very exhausting I'm I'm just
tired of being angry yeah I don't have
the energy for it anymore like why why
are we doing this I I don't know the
answer has to be because we love it
otherwise why why oh oh oh you mean like
the work I thought you meant the
fighting yeah no
sorry I was
like um yeah I don't know that's
um yeah and I I I am genuinely it was a
little Doom and Gloom for a while there
at this point I'm seeing the light at
the end of the tunnel I think we can get
back maybe not exactly where we were but
I think we can I think we can fix some
of this um and it's going to it's going
to take effectively
everybody well creers viewers can you
guys be part of it like can we just can
we try
to you know not not be upset about if
someone just likes the PS portal even
though it's locked down can we just be
okay with that if they just like it is
that okay yeah and to be clear this this
means honestly mostly elsewhere right
not just us um and it doesn't mean just
like accepting everything all the time
just king ghost I miss the friendly
collaboration too yeah I literally my
favorite
thing out of practically everything used
to be going to events and having these
dinners that we used to do Luke we had
dozens of creators at probably the
biggest Tech Creator dinner that has
ever taken place yeah at LTX and that
sick literally weeks later we were
living on ostracization island yeah
literally Weeks Later yeah as if it
never happened and we never did anything
to help build up the space as if we were
evil people motivated only by whatever
like tearing people down I uh that was
quite the quite the peak and fall cuz
that that I still got whiplash yeah we
we were like videos were killing it I
think public perception was super super
high and this is I mean this is a story
that's been told a bunch of times in
reality yeah but uh yeah we were we were
at a hell of a Peak at that point in
time
um anyway hey we had a collab go live
today yeah Evan and Caitlyn super cool
yeah we have some more collabs coming
I'm I'm I'm very excited for everything
that's coming and uh yeah we've been
we've been killing it no thank you
Anonymous uh yes I am grateful and you
know what maybe it was uh maybe it was
cathartic too to have this to have this
conversation I don't want to do this all
the time no no me neither but
um I think this time it's good to
reenter and refocus every once in a
while thank you yeah and like look at
the channel
man PS5 pro video 1.4 million views
Apple event video 1.5 million views $50
versus $50,000 computer 1.3 million
views 1.9 million views on why the
YouTube video are taken down lowest rate
of PC 1.3 million views 1.6 on on Tech
upgrade content has been killing it yep
I understand the printer video isn't
doing that well you still got 800,000
views on a printer no one even buys
those show me anyone else who can get
800,000 prin at a certain point it's
like that's still pretty cool like yeah
it's not doing as well as the other ones
but it's a printer I remember using a
line a lot like that when I would back
when I would pitch to Brands I'd be like
especially it Brands consumer
electronics uh you know they can they
can go to they could go to like a okay
this is contemporary right or
contemporaneous so they could go to a
Casey niat you know like Samsung or
whatever right go to someone lifestyle
right um but it Brands I would I would
often pull out this line I'd be like
tell me who else can get a million views
on a hard
drive I'll wait um like it's we are I
think we're really good and it's not
it's not just me we as a team are really
good at finding what's interesting about
about technology and and being excited
about it and sharing that excitement
that's our superpower and and watch that
and also watch everyone else's stuff I
don't know the tech Bas is cool and
different angles are cool we say all the
time we'll say it now if you watch
review on something watch other reviews
as well yeah like that that's never
going to change I want this tide not
only do I believe that the tide lifts
all the ships I want it to lift all the
ships the space is uninteresting if it's
just a few players um and that's how
things slowly die you you want it to be
vibrant and Lively you want a lot of
places for people to go for information
for news for entertainment content all
the type of stuff where the interest is
this type of Tex stuff that's how
everything is going to be able to move
forward best and that's how you that's
how you SE the seeds of the next
generation of creators as well like if
we're just down and angry and negative
all the time how are we going to how's
anyone going to get enthusiastic and
replace me smashing on anyone for for
having a slightly different opinion uh
there's no real space for for new angles
new Talent new ideas yeah
um so try to try to promote the idea of
of different angles on things different
opinions on things different approaches
to things and then there's more of a
chance um that that person in their in
their bedroom with a camera that had
bought a new phone can make a video on
it and and start a career that way like
Jim's TCH says the printer video was
good it was a bummer that the only laser
printer you had was monochrome there are
some good color Laser Printers out there
that are cheap also that's a really good
point I think it was just kind of a
limitation of the format we were trying
to do that thing where the increments go
up in 10x
and at $400 you can get a really nice
tank based inkjet at $4 you can get a
piece of garbage bubble jet we literally
did get a $4 printer though um it was
like seven six and a half Canadian
dollars or something like that I forget
exactly what it was but it was like 450
us or something and then at $40 you're
not getting a color laser you're getting
a black and white laser so I would have
actually really liked to show like a$
6070 option that's like a a color laser
that will at least do like color
documents or whatever we tried to kind
of talk about it but you're right you're
right that was that was something where
we we tried something we tried so we we
tried this like uh increments of 10x
format with the um 50 versus 500 versus
5,000 versus $50,000 computer thing we
tried it with the printers I don't think
we have anything else in the queue right
now but we we got to try stuff we got to
try stuff could maybe do honorable
mentions just to fill certain gaps
that's an idea yep maybe I don't know y
that's another thing is like we'll we'll
have minor missteps here there but con
content constantly changes and you're
never going to perfectly hit every time
we learn things move on that's part of
the job I I think the content team is
doing great I think they're killing it
and I think the the views and general
audience sentiment improving reflects
that a random physicist says home
theater would be a great 10x video like
$10 home theater based on what you did
in scrapyard Wars you could do it
do like there's just that's one of the
things with home theater stuff is
like well that guy I think just like
took pity on me or something I don't
know or he knew who you were oh he
didn't at all okay did the audio from
that ever go in I don't think so I
haven't watched the full video we have
we have the whole thing audio recorded
he had genuinely no clue who was all
right all right I I'll allow it I'll
accept it he thought I was a a very
weird
guy um but yeah there's like old home
theater equipment sometimes people are
just just trying to move it on that
wasn't even old that was actually all
kind of newer stuff anyways that was
weird but
yeah
uh
yeah next would you would you care for a
second merch
message that's got to be one of the
alltime yeah let's go something a little
lighter this time if you don't mind oh
yeah oh uh let me just look uh what is
your opinion on geopolitics
uh this might take me a bit to find one
would TechLink still exist if Riley
didn't join lmg in 2019 you talked about
how it picked up nearly all the Lost
revenue from LTT when LTT struggled this
one wasn't better would lmg be entirely
different now if there was no Tech link
I love Riley um I didn't see a path
toward having that high energy
irreverent yet informed style uh without
Riley I basically had in mind what I
wanted to do and waited until NC went to
crap and immediately slid into Riley's
DMs I I don't who else could be Riley
yeah tell me that no Riley is Riley is a
unique a unique Pearl that has been
grown from a unique piece of
sand do that again Luke I'm just say
like how you get pearls like so you had
to like crack ncx open and just like
yeah extract the one valuable
thing no no offense to some of my former
colleagues that there were there were
other
pearls they're just a little Miss
shapen next uh Hey dll as an ignorant
American my knowledge you don't have to
say ignorant my knowledge of America's
hat comes from media like pure ponage
letter Kenny shy and LT what
canadian-made media would you recommend
I don't know wait pure ponage is
Canadian I think they were yeah we don't
even know what's
Canadian that's that's a whole thing
just assume most of Amer I think
friendship is Magic is mostly Canadian
oh yeah the production was like local
like uh Riley did a voice in it once oh
that would make sense why he did that
okay yeah sure yeah but I I he was
saying red green yeah yeah yeah red
green Fred pen probably a pretty dated
show at this point I don't remember I
just feel like probably uh does anybody
know the beach comr is that no yeah some
people it might be an old
thing Trailer Park Boys is Park Boys
Canadian yeah what yeah I didn't know
that yeah that's sick what's oh yeah
Stargate my hand was on Stargate
Stargate Stargate sick what makes it
Canadian though I don't know
everything's filmed can yeah but like
okay but is it culturally Canadian
really what is Canadian culture we I
that's a
that's a question right there I think
that's hard to nail
down uh in this part of the country I
think it's why I mean they have the same
issue in America you can you can drive
like 200 miles in America and be like
I'm still in Texas yeah well no no I
don't even mean that I mean you you
could still be in Texas and think you're
in a completely different country yeah
like and it's it's very much the same
here like in the Lower Mainland I will
literally go play badminton and I'll be
like oh yeah I'm the token white guy
yeah and then I can drive like you know
4 hours to 5 hours to Vernon or
something like that and yvon and I walk
down the street and you'll have people
be like what the Yeah an Asian yeah you
like kids same Province dude when she
when she was when she was there for her
practicum like little kids would point
at her like not little kids dude they
don't know better they're going to do
what they're going to do they don't know
better or anything but it's just
like I don't know what the what is what
what's I think I think you get more
unique Canadian culture the more East
you go personally probably more unique
yeah like Vancouver is such a mixing pot
yeah um not always the most mixed but
all the ingredients are thrown in oh
yeah they're all in there yeah uh like I
I I often tell people that it's like
stupid for me to travel for food oh yeah
cuz like dude food and vancu you just
got to pick through like dude if you
know what you want there's a city that
will have amazing versions of that like
it's always a joke to to me when people
are like yeah you have to like eat the
raw fish in Japan and I'm sitting here
going you know we live on the same fing
ocean right and there's like plenty of
Japanese people here to like cut up a
fish for me if I really need if that's
really what I'm into like I just like
what are you talking about there dude
man like Indian Cuisine Asian Cuisine
amazing like all of it um only Middle
Eastern we kind of lack and Mexican I
was going to say Mexican our Mexican
food Su very
jealous where tell
me don't tell me now okay I'm not going
to tell you now what is he talking about
you're going to like where it's located
as well really I've been getting sick of
where we live for food so I've been
trying to find them mostly just for you
there's I really really like Mexican
food yeah dude you can go to any random
hole in the wall in la oh dude it's
amazing and you'll get this like giant
thing it'll be like $8 $9 okay I haven't
been down to La it's up to me and I'm in
the states practically anywhere in the
states I will basically just eat Mexican
food oh yeah cuz I know I'm not going to
get it when I come back 100% it's like
you get like an anchal here and it's
like this stupid wimpy little thing you
go down there you order enchiladas and
it's like a whole plate covered in
delicious like sauce and there's like
unlimited Pico and a little thing you go
get it and dude the the Pico
oh properly made Pico pop properly made
guacamole yeah dog oh man
it's so good so yeah we're lacking that
yeah yeah we and and to be clear I'm
sure you can get good Mexican Cuisine in
down in Vancouver yeah but what we don't
have is like a huge Mexican Community
here and so that's the difference right
like you can get good Indian Cuisine
probably just about anywhere but you
guys don't have sui where like it's it's
cheap and it's everywhere and it's like
honly super authentic if you just pick a
random one it's probably going to be
very good I don't go to random ones
anymore I don't either I only go to ust.
G dude Masala and Langley no man ust. g
i I will challenge you to like a curry
hole Showdown which wait hold is
probably not the best paraphrasing
that I meant like a Hole in the Wall
restaurant that specializes in curry I
know a place
was that intentional yeah have tell me
was that
intentional it doesn't look like it was
intentional Luke I know when it's
intentional with
lonus oh God the pair of
you sure I was thinking like watering
holes know SL hole in the wall yeah yeah
exactly it's not a that's not Curry that
comes out of that
hole that is not a curry
hole oh man I had really my favorite one
was in the middle of Siri and they they
closed down they changed ownerships what
was it called I cannot remember it
wasn't Taste of Punjab was it no no this
was like G now and they way it's like
actually better you no they Chang
management I think G you g dude dude the
owner is a g I am definitely like the
weirdest pictures of Him in all their
I've been to a couple of their
is that actually their branding is it
UST g76 yeah oh no scroll down scroll
down dude the Central City location
going keep going the Central City
location what a che the Central City
location has artificial turf on the wall
why I don't [__] know but it also has
fairy lights and they I love this man
they had uh they had Mr Bean cartoons on
the TV when I went in look at the way he
poses in front of his restaurants this
is sick their branding is so
inconsistent and they don't seem to give
any F that means it's good their garlic
none is perfect the food looks amazing
that that the picture oh that looks so
good their garlic da is Flawless and
unlike McDonald's the food looks like
that no way it looks exactly like that
that I will defend I still think m is
great we'll do we'll do both we'll try
that looks so good they pulled food out
of their kitchen and they took these
pictures I swear to
God that's amazing what is this
road it's Canada we have one like
seriously dude I love their branding
what is what are they
are oh they're Milestones they look like
yeah they're they're
locations so I didn't become aware of
them until they replaced the place I
liked to go in C Central this website
decides amazing oh yeah like what font
do you use
yes Conrad take notes yeah yeah
oh apparently oh okay so that was a
grand opening a while ago but apparently
they're in cam loops so there you go
anyway you g like what does this site
just scroll forever what am I even
looking at here seems like who is Buddy
in the jeans this is their Instagram
this is him is that yeah yeah that that
must be him that must be him this is
insane dud just never incoming call but
what is this videos it's their food yeah
dude okay you we got to the end y anyway
so yeah I I I love uh I love Vancouver I
love Vancouver food yeah vancu food is
great y it's one of the best things
that's got going and like like okay like
Chinese food you can get everything from
like like liter like like actual
Regional Styles so like sesan style or
like more like Hong Kong style like hot
pot Taiwanese style you know like you
can get like so so like the China area
you can get like different styles and
then you can also get like trashy
American Chinese food you know like you
can get your sweet and sour pork and
your oil drenched Chowan or whatever
like it's s yeah it's
great okay what are we supposed to be
talking
about uh I think we're done with that
one D any way to vote on items we would
like to see again in the store I would
love to see the black shorts again
pre-orders or even Kickstarter style
where we need to reach a minimum order
size which black shorts like the the
swimming trunks or the swe we had just
like shorts the sweats I think they were
sweat shorts um I actually had a
conversation with Nick earlier this week
about some of the ideas that we have
that we just don't know how feasible
they are like we don't know what the
Order Mix is going to look like in terms
of sizing we don't know in terms of
color like is there the possibility of
building our own kind of Kickstarter
style thing where we basically say okay
yeah like our mq for this is 2,000 units
if 300 or 400 you pre-order or 500 like
we set some threshold and we basically
go okay yeah here's here's where it's at
right now here's how close we think we
are here's where we anticipate it will
come out are you down are you in um yeah
I could put if you're going to if you're
going to anticipate when it would come
out you have to put a
deadline yeah yeah and then we just
refund if it doesn't make it yeah I
think this person is describing a non-
deadlined version but yeah I think
interesting I yeah it sounds like
they're describing more of like a um
like a threshold for resurrecting older
items uh I we don't have anything right
now but there is the possibility that
yeah mop style or Kickstarter style that
we could we could either bring back high
demand items or or do kind of edgier
Kier stuff that uh that we're really not
sure
about is drop just like a keyboard
company now oh no no no there
don't forget about headphones
yeah Top Gear says okay but how long
would I have to wait after I order will
it be like backpack six plus months yes
yeah yeah production times are weeks or
sometimes months shipping is like a
month it just takes time at sampling
they got to like someone has to like
make it like it's oneoff you know and
then it has to be shipped and then we
have to like schedule the meeting and
then we have to evaluate it and then we
have to compile our feedback we have to
send it back and then they have to like
make another one like it's making
products is uh I I feel like a lot of
media and I don't just mean Tech media I
feel like a lot of media would have a
very different perspective if they
had experience actually created anything
yeah a lot of
critics create nothing um and it's
definitely given me a better
perspective yeah
more yeah or not we could just sit here
in silence I mean that's an option
yeah so excited to meet monitor [__] why
can prod what what I have no idea why
can products that are still being
purchased out of stock on the store I'm
going to give you another crack at this
one go ahead
Dan why can products that are still
being produced be out of stock on the
store why not just send it when it's
made after I ordered we are
generally not that into taking back
orders because our lead times are so
long that we end up creating
negativity out of an attempt to provide
a service which is the ability to back
order um we're not like we we act more
like a manufacturer it's not like we
have a water bottle Factory like I don't
you know own water bottle Factory but we
behave like a manufacturer in that we um
we Place Large orders we uh have to
figure out our mixes we have to
Warehouse them we have to Market them
sell them like we're we're pretty
vertically integrated for a lot of our
product stuff which means that our etas
are dependent on Manufacturing in Global
Logistics they're not dependent on
whether our supplier down the street has
stock or our other supplier has stock
there is no other supplier a lot of the
time we're working directly with
factories so it takes as long as it
takes and um you end up creating a lot
of work for yourself because no matter
how hard you try to disclaim that this
is going to be 3 months sorry people
will message you and be angry about it
and then heaven forbid it lasts longer
like we'd rather just take your money
once we have something in stock or at
the very least once we know with a fair
degree of certainty once we're like when
we're going to be getting it we've made
and honestly it's worked out okay
sometimes but not as well other times
Word 97 guy in PH chat said oh man when
I was working in the snowplow industry
we spent a year developing the crate it
ships
in yeah things take time when you start
getting into engineering and development
and whatnot things take time and you'll
think it'll take six months and then in
month five you'll go oh
there's a big problem that we didn't
foresee and now it requires
re-engineering or the whole ISO standard
for the size of the bits and the size of
the sockets realizing that the entire
rest of the industry was doing it wrong
backwards orever and we had to decide do
we go according to spec or do we go
according to compatibility with the rest
of the ecosystem making that decision is
going take a lot of time how could we
see that coming yeah this stuff happens
all the
time so like I don't know 's a bu
four hello lonus luk and Dan as big fan
of overcooked I was wondering if lonus
had heard of the game plate up it's
pretty similar it's also published by
some of the YouTubers called the yog
cast cast I have not heard of play up um
I know overcooked I know moving out my
my kids really like moving out I play
play up overwhelmingly positive reviews
on phenomenal it's great if you like
screaming at your friends yeah cool so
good
after having played overcooked I haven't
craved more of that kind of gameplay
really personally but
um yeah I might be down to try it
sometime but I also I don't know man
like I'm I'm old like when I have half
an hour to hang out and play a game
honestly it's a lot easier and more
comfortable for me to just flip on a
game that I already know how to play
dude that you don't need friends for got
them I mean like you got to get a group
of people together there at midnight
right
not wow why you got to burn me like that
we both first you want to you say first
you uninvite me to your pool party yeah
okay
rude you weren't invited in the first
place turned off's off bye Dan bye I'm
sorry okay welcome back Dan we need
someone to read the merch messages okay
need somebody to come to my pool party
please hello rain yeah lawn party just
splash around on the
floor hello W.D with iPhone and pixel
promising plus six years of software
updates do you think that they will try
and push newer devices harder or
increase the benefits of the new devices
and exclude from olders I think they're
absolutely going to try to differentiate
the newer products but I think that six
plus years of software updates is less
um an action that they are taking to
extend the lifetime of these devices and
more an acknowledgement that that is and
is becoming the product life cycle for
phones and they better just get on board
or they're going to be left behind and
there's going to be no one to sell a new
phone no one who wants anything to do
with their brand when their competitors
are supporting the devices for
longer I think this is a response I
don't think this is proactive
particularly on Google side Apple seems
to have slowly acknowledged this over
time you go back to some of the very
earlier iPhones they didn't necessarily
get this nice long support period but
for the most part they do now because
Apple recognizes that the value is in
building out the size of the install
base my company recently got Acquired
and the new organization is nothing but
egos but I love my team and old
co-workers how would you deal with new
leadership causing problems due to the
lack of confidence and big ego
it's the same story man you hear it over
and over again Acquisitions
like private Equity
um I don't
know it's tough I'm sorry we we've never
been in that scenario honestly yeah I
mean I've definitely had friends that
have talked to me about you know how the
company changed after they're Acquired
and stuff and
I can't think of too
many versions of the story where it ends
real good they exist they
do but I haven't heard people that it
usually ends up real good
for is not the individual workers oh oh
no but that's what I meant yeah I know
I'm only counting the stories I've heard
from Individual workers I'm not counting
like the ownership ownership does great
when uh when a company gets acquired
that's yeah
kind of how it
works what happens when you run out of
bad shafts for the Scribe driver will we
just be getting a scribe driver with the
Primo nerling instead no the Primo
nerling is too rough to to hold like in
a pen grip I buy a screwdriver and then
cut off the head and then machine it
myself why don't you just machine a pen
at that extremely expensive scrap driver
that's probably worse I like this yes
we've talked about this I live my life
by that Luke I thought you knew me I
yeah somewhat what I'm referencing we
are
for never
mind we have lots of supply of shafts
what is it four tons this is not a this
is not a a concern for the time being we
have a lot of shaft
however we're not concerned about not
having enough shaft uh
we we it's okay look it's bad
sh you're not and
anything it's
rough technically it's
ribed technically it's nled oh I think I
think that's worse uh anyway the point
is we've got lots but we have talked
about this and we would consider making
a scribe driver from scratch but I don't
know we're years away from having that
conversation I think we've got plenty of
scribe drivers you should take the
um you should take the branding from
Nintendo like new with the like
multicolored things coming out of the
new do you know what I'm talking about
new Nintendo
3DS do that new scbe driver new scribe
driver what's new about
it technically nothing but it's made
from new things I don't know yeah I
guess yeah yeah so scribe driver uh yeah
we'll we'll keep mining for shafts mine
shaft shaft mine shaft mine shaft I
don't know we' there's plenty in the
hill of shafts shaft Hill shaft
Mountain broken shaft Mountain that's a
great
movie Shaft Mountain
classic uh hi lus luk and Dan this is
the last one I got for you I was
wondering if you think there is a chance
that tsmc will be broken up as a
Monopoly Monopoly particularly if intel
were to pull out of the fabrication
space and focus on research and
development so when you break up company
you are you are breaking it up into uh
it's like an antitrust thing right
you're breaking it up so that it cannot
utilize its advantage in one area to
give it an unfair advantage in another
area tsmc for the most part just does
one thing you can't break up tsmc I mean
oh you could demand it's so integrated I
was going to say you could demand that
there there R&D and like like tool
development breaks off from their pure
manufacturing but in Silicon they're so
only serving the one thing parallel and
they're so integrated I I don't see how
you could ever I also think that would
quite genuinely be directly against the
interests of the governments involved
yeah like the government the government
of Taiwan is like not going to be
interested in that no and I don't care
which one you ask like the more pro-
freedom government that is currently in
power or a more pro-china government
that if they were ever to manage to win
somehow uh none of them would be
interested at all in disrupting
disrupting tsmc's current just
like March to complete Global
semiconductor domination
here yeah yeah they're not going to
disrupt that
that would be unwise on like so many
different
levels thank you so much for tuning into
the land show yeah we're going to see
you guys again next week yeah same bad
time same bad Channel yeah bye
[Music]